Url_sprite;ID Pok√©dex;Forma
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/1.png;001;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/1.png;001;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/1.png;001;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/1.png;001;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/2.png;002;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/2.png;002;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/2.png;002;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/2.png;002;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/3.png;003;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/3.png;003;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/3.png;003;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/3.png;003;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/4.png;004;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/4.png;004;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/4.png;004;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/4.png;004;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/5.png;005;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/5.png;005;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/5.png;005;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/5.png;005;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/6.png;006;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/6.png;006;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/6.png;006;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/6.png;006;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/7.png;007;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/7.png;007;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/7.png;007;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/7.png;007;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/8.png;008;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/8.png;008;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/8.png;008;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/8.png;008;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/9.png;009;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/9.png;009;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/9.png;009;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/9.png;009;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/10.png;010;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/10.png;010;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/10.png;010;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/10.png;010;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/11.png;011;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/11.png;011;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/11.png;011;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/11.png;011;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/12.png;012;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/12.png;012;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/12.png;012;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/12.png;012;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/13.png;013;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/13.png;013;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/13.png;013;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/13.png;013;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/14.png;014;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/14.png;014;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/14.png;014;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/14.png;014;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/15.png;015;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/15.png;015;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/15.png;015;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/15.png;015;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/16.png;016;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/16.png;016;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/16.png;016;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/16.png;016;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/17.png;017;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/17.png;017;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/17.png;017;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/17.png;017;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/18.png;018;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/18.png;018;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/18.png;018;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/18.png;018;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/19.png;019;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/19.png;019;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/19.png;019;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/19.png;019;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/20.png;020;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/20.png;020;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/20.png;020;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/20.png;020;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/21.png;021;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/21.png;021;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/21.png;021;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/21.png;021;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/22.png;022;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/22.png;022;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/22.png;022;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/22.png;022;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/23.png;023;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/23.png;023;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/23.png;023;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/23.png;023;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/24.png;024;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/24.png;024;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/24.png;024;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/24.png;024;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/25.png;025;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/25.png;025;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/25.png;025;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/25.png;025;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/26.png;026;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/26.png;026;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/26.png;026;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/26.png;026;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/27.png;027;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/27.png;027;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/27.png;027;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/27.png;027;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/28.png;028;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/28.png;028;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/28.png;028;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/28.png;028;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/29.png;029;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/29.png;029;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/29.png;029;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/29.png;029;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/30.png;030;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/30.png;030;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/30.png;030;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/30.png;030;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/31.png;031;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/31.png;031;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/31.png;031;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/31.png;031;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/32.png;032;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/32.png;032;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/32.png;032;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/32.png;032;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/33.png;033;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/33.png;033;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/33.png;033;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/33.png;033;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/34.png;034;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/34.png;034;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/34.png;034;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/34.png;034;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/35.png;035;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/35.png;035;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/35.png;035;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/35.png;035;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/36.png;036;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/36.png;036;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/36.png;036;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/36.png;036;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/37.png;037;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/37.png;037;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/37.png;037;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/37.png;037;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/38.png;038;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/38.png;038;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/38.png;038;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/38.png;038;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/39.png;039;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/39.png;039;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/39.png;039;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/39.png;039;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/40.png;040;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/40.png;040;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/40.png;040;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/40.png;040;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/41.png;041;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/41.png;041;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/41.png;041;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/41.png;041;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/42.png;042;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/42.png;042;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/42.png;042;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/42.png;042;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/43.png;043;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/43.png;043;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/43.png;043;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/43.png;043;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/44.png;044;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/44.png;044;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/44.png;044;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/44.png;044;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/45.png;045;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/45.png;045;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/45.png;045;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/45.png;045;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/46.png;046;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/46.png;046;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/46.png;046;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/46.png;046;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/47.png;047;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/47.png;047;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/47.png;047;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/47.png;047;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/48.png;048;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/48.png;048;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/48.png;048;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/48.png;048;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/49.png;049;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/49.png;049;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/49.png;049;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/49.png;049;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/50.png;050;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/50.png;050;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/50.png;050;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/50.png;050;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/51.png;051;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/51.png;051;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/51.png;051;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/51.png;051;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/52.png;052;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/52.png;052;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/52.png;052;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/52.png;052;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/53.png;053;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/53.png;053;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/53.png;053;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/53.png;053;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/54.png;054;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/54.png;054;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/54.png;054;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/54.png;054;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/55.png;055;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/55.png;055;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/55.png;055;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/55.png;055;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/56.png;056;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/56.png;056;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/56.png;056;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/56.png;056;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/57.png;057;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/57.png;057;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/57.png;057;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/57.png;057;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/58.png;058;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/58.png;058;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/58.png;058;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/58.png;058;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/59.png;059;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/59.png;059;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/59.png;059;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/59.png;059;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/60.png;060;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/60.png;060;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/60.png;060;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/60.png;060;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/61.png;061;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/61.png;061;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/61.png;061;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/61.png;061;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/62.png;062;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/62.png;062;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/62.png;062;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/62.png;062;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/63.png;063;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/63.png;063;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/63.png;063;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/63.png;063;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/64.png;064;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/64.png;064;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/64.png;064;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/64.png;064;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/65.png;065;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/65.png;065;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/65.png;065;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/65.png;065;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/66.png;066;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/66.png;066;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/66.png;066;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/66.png;066;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/67.png;067;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/67.png;067;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/67.png;067;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/67.png;067;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/68.png;068;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/68.png;068;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/68.png;068;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/68.png;068;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/69.png;069;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/69.png;069;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/69.png;069;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/69.png;069;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/70.png;070;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/70.png;070;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/70.png;070;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/70.png;070;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/71.png;071;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/71.png;071;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/71.png;071;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/71.png;071;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/72.png;072;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/72.png;072;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/72.png;072;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/72.png;072;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/73.png;073;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/73.png;073;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/73.png;073;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/73.png;073;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/74.png;074;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/74.png;074;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/74.png;074;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/74.png;074;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/75.png;075;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/75.png;075;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/75.png;075;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/75.png;075;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/76.png;076;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/76.png;076;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/76.png;076;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/76.png;076;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/77.png;077;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/77.png;077;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/77.png;077;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/77.png;077;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/78.png;078;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/78.png;078;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/78.png;078;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/78.png;078;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/79.png;079;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/79.png;079;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/79.png;079;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/79.png;079;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/80.png;080;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/80.png;080;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/80.png;080;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/80.png;080;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/81.png;081;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/81.png;081;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/81.png;081;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/81.png;081;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/82.png;082;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/82.png;082;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/82.png;082;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/82.png;082;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/83.png;083;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/83.png;083;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/83.png;083;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/83.png;083;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/84.png;084;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/84.png;084;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/84.png;084;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/84.png;084;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/85.png;085;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/85.png;085;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/85.png;085;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/85.png;085;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/86.png;086;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/86.png;086;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/86.png;086;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/86.png;086;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/87.png;087;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/87.png;087;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/87.png;087;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/87.png;087;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/88.png;088;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/88.png;088;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/88.png;088;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/88.png;088;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/89.png;089;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/89.png;089;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/89.png;089;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/89.png;089;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/90.png;090;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/90.png;090;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/90.png;090;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/90.png;090;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/91.png;091;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/91.png;091;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/91.png;091;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/91.png;091;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/92.png;092;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/92.png;092;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/92.png;092;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/92.png;092;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/93.png;093;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/93.png;093;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/93.png;093;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/93.png;093;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/94.png;094;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/94.png;094;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/94.png;094;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/94.png;094;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/95.png;095;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/95.png;095;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/95.png;095;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/95.png;095;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/96.png;096;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/96.png;096;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/96.png;096;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/96.png;096;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/97.png;097;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/97.png;097;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/97.png;097;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/97.png;097;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/98.png;098;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/98.png;098;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/98.png;098;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/98.png;098;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/99.png;099;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/99.png;099;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/99.png;099;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/99.png;099;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/100.png;100;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/100.png;100;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/100.png;100;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/100.png;100;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/101.png;101;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/101.png;101;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/101.png;101;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/101.png;101;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/102.png;102;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/102.png;102;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/102.png;102;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/102.png;102;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/103.png;103;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/103.png;103;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/103.png;103;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/103.png;103;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/104.png;104;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/104.png;104;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/104.png;104;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/104.png;104;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/105.png;105;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/105.png;105;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/105.png;105;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/105.png;105;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/106.png;106;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/106.png;106;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/106.png;106;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/106.png;106;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/107.png;107;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/107.png;107;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/107.png;107;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/107.png;107;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/108.png;108;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/108.png;108;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/108.png;108;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/108.png;108;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/109.png;109;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/109.png;109;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/109.png;109;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/109.png;109;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/110.png;110;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/110.png;110;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/110.png;110;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/110.png;110;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/111.png;111;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/111.png;111;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/111.png;111;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/111.png;111;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/112.png;112;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/112.png;112;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/112.png;112;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/112.png;112;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/113.png;113;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/113.png;113;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/113.png;113;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/113.png;113;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/114.png;114;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/114.png;114;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/114.png;114;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/114.png;114;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/115.png;115;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/115.png;115;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/115.png;115;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/115.png;115;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/116.png;116;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/116.png;116;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/116.png;116;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/116.png;116;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/117.png;117;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/117.png;117;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/117.png;117;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/117.png;117;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/118.png;118;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/118.png;118;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/118.png;118;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/118.png;118;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/119.png;119;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/119.png;119;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/119.png;119;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/119.png;119;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/120.png;120;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/120.png;120;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/120.png;120;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/120.png;120;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/121.png;121;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/121.png;121;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/121.png;121;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/121.png;121;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/122.png;122;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/122.png;122;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/122.png;122;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/122.png;122;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/123.png;123;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/123.png;123;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/123.png;123;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/123.png;123;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/124.png;124;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/124.png;124;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/124.png;124;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/124.png;124;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/125.png;125;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/125.png;125;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/125.png;125;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/125.png;125;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/126.png;126;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/126.png;126;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/126.png;126;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/126.png;126;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/127.png;127;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/127.png;127;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/127.png;127;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/127.png;127;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/128.png;128;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/128.png;128;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/128.png;128;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/128.png;128;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/129.png;129;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/129.png;129;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/129.png;129;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/129.png;129;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/130.png;130;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/130.png;130;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/130.png;130;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/130.png;130;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/131.png;131;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/131.png;131;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/131.png;131;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/131.png;131;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/132.png;132;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/132.png;132;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/132.png;132;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/132.png;132;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/133.png;133;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/133.png;133;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/133.png;133;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/133.png;133;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/134.png;134;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/134.png;134;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/134.png;134;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/134.png;134;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/135.png;135;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/135.png;135;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/135.png;135;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/135.png;135;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/136.png;136;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/136.png;136;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/136.png;136;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/136.png;136;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/137.png;137;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/137.png;137;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/137.png;137;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/137.png;137;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/138.png;138;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/138.png;138;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/138.png;138;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/138.png;138;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/139.png;139;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/139.png;139;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/139.png;139;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/139.png;139;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/140.png;140;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/140.png;140;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/140.png;140;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/140.png;140;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/141.png;141;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/141.png;141;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/141.png;141;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/141.png;141;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/142.png;142;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/142.png;142;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/142.png;142;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/142.png;142;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/143.png;143;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/143.png;143;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/143.png;143;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/143.png;143;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/144.png;144;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/144.png;144;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/144.png;144;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/144.png;144;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/145.png;145;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/145.png;145;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/145.png;145;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/145.png;145;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/146.png;146;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/146.png;146;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/146.png;146;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/146.png;146;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/147.png;147;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/147.png;147;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/147.png;147;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/147.png;147;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/148.png;148;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/148.png;148;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/148.png;148;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/148.png;148;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/149.png;149;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/149.png;149;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/149.png;149;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/149.png;149;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/150.png;150;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/150.png;150;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/150.png;150;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/150.png;150;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/red-blue/gray/151.png;151;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-i/yellow/gray/151.png;151;Preto e Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/151.png;151;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/151.png;151;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/152.png;152;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/152.png;152;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/153.png;153;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/153.png;153;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/154.png;154;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/154.png;154;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/155.png;155;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/155.png;155;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/156.png;156;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/156.png;156;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/157.png;157;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/157.png;157;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/158.png;158;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/158.png;158;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/159.png;159;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/159.png;159;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/160.png;160;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/160.png;160;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/161.png;161;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/161.png;161;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/162.png;162;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/162.png;162;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/163.png;163;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/163.png;163;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/164.png;164;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/164.png;164;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/165.png;165;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/165.png;165;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/166.png;166;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/166.png;166;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/167.png;167;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/167.png;167;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/168.png;168;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/168.png;168;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/169.png;169;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/169.png;169;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/170.png;170;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/170.png;170;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/171.png;171;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/171.png;171;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/172.png;172;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/172.png;172;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/173.png;173;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/173.png;173;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/174.png;174;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/174.png;174;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/175.png;175;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/175.png;175;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/176.png;176;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/176.png;176;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/177.png;177;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/177.png;177;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/178.png;178;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/178.png;178;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/179.png;179;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/179.png;179;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/180.png;180;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/180.png;180;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/181.png;181;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/181.png;181;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/182.png;182;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/182.png;182;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/183.png;183;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/183.png;183;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/184.png;184;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/184.png;184;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/185.png;185;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/185.png;185;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/186.png;186;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/186.png;186;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/187.png;187;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/187.png;187;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/188.png;188;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/188.png;188;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/189.png;189;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/189.png;189;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/190.png;190;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/190.png;190;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/191.png;191;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/191.png;191;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/192.png;192;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/192.png;192;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/193.png;193;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/193.png;193;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/194.png;194;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/194.png;194;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/195.png;195;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/195.png;195;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/196.png;196;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/196.png;196;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/197.png;197;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/197.png;197;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/198.png;198;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/198.png;198;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/199.png;199;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/199.png;199;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/200.png;200;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/200.png;200;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/201.png;201;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/201.png;201;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/202.png;202;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/202.png;202;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/203.png;203;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/203.png;203;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/204.png;204;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/204.png;204;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/205.png;205;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/205.png;205;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/206.png;206;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/206.png;206;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/207.png;207;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/207.png;207;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/208.png;208;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/208.png;208;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/209.png;209;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/209.png;209;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/210.png;210;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/210.png;210;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/211.png;211;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/211.png;211;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/212.png;212;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/212.png;212;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/213.png;213;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/213.png;213;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/214.png;214;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/214.png;214;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/215.png;215;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/215.png;215;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/216.png;216;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/216.png;216;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/217.png;217;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/217.png;217;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/218.png;218;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/218.png;218;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/219.png;219;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/219.png;219;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/220.png;220;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/220.png;220;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/221.png;221;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/221.png;221;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/222.png;222;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/222.png;222;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/223.png;223;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/223.png;223;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/224.png;224;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/224.png;224;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/225.png;225;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/225.png;225;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/226.png;226;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/226.png;226;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/227.png;227;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/227.png;227;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/228.png;228;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/228.png;228;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/229.png;229;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/229.png;229;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/230.png;230;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/230.png;230;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/231.png;231;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/231.png;231;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/232.png;232;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/232.png;232;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/233.png;233;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/233.png;233;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/234.png;234;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/234.png;234;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/235.png;235;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/235.png;235;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/236.png;236;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/236.png;236;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/237.png;237;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/237.png;237;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/238.png;238;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/238.png;238;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/239.png;239;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/239.png;239;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/240.png;240;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/240.png;240;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/241.png;241;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/241.png;241;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/242.png;242;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/242.png;242;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/243.png;243;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/243.png;243;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/244.png;244;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/244.png;244;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/245.png;245;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/245.png;245;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/246.png;246;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/246.png;246;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/247.png;247;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/247.png;247;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/248.png;248;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/248.png;248;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/249.png;249;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/249.png;249;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/250.png;250;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/250.png;250;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/crystal/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/gold/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-ii/silver/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/251.png;251;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/251.png;251;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/252.png;252;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/252.png;252;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/252.png;252;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/252.png;252;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/252.png;252;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/252.png;252;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/252.png;252;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/252.png;252;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/252.png;252;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/252.png;252;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/253.png;253;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/253.png;253;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/253.png;253;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/253.png;253;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/253.png;253;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/253.png;253;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/253.png;253;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/253.png;253;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/253.png;253;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/253.png;253;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/254.png;254;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/254.png;254;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/254.png;254;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/254.png;254;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/254.png;254;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/254.png;254;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/254.png;254;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/254.png;254;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/254.png;254;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/254.png;254;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/255.png;255;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/255.png;255;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/255.png;255;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/255.png;255;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/255.png;255;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/255.png;255;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/255.png;255;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/255.png;255;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/255.png;255;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/255.png;255;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/256.png;256;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/256.png;256;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/256.png;256;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/256.png;256;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/256.png;256;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/256.png;256;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/256.png;256;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/256.png;256;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/256.png;256;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/256.png;256;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/257.png;257;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/257.png;257;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/257.png;257;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/257.png;257;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/257.png;257;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/257.png;257;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/257.png;257;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/257.png;257;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/257.png;257;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/257.png;257;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/258.png;258;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/258.png;258;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/258.png;258;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/258.png;258;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/258.png;258;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/258.png;258;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/258.png;258;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/258.png;258;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/258.png;258;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/258.png;258;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/259.png;259;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/259.png;259;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/259.png;259;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/259.png;259;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/259.png;259;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/259.png;259;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/259.png;259;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/259.png;259;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/259.png;259;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/259.png;259;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/260.png;260;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/260.png;260;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/260.png;260;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/260.png;260;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/260.png;260;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/260.png;260;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/260.png;260;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/260.png;260;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/260.png;260;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/260.png;260;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/261.png;261;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/261.png;261;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/261.png;261;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/261.png;261;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/261.png;261;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/261.png;261;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/261.png;261;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/261.png;261;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/261.png;261;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/261.png;261;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/262.png;262;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/262.png;262;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/262.png;262;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/262.png;262;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/262.png;262;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/262.png;262;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/262.png;262;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/262.png;262;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/262.png;262;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/262.png;262;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/263.png;263;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/263.png;263;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/263.png;263;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/263.png;263;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/263.png;263;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/263.png;263;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/263.png;263;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/263.png;263;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/263.png;263;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/263.png;263;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/264.png;264;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/264.png;264;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/264.png;264;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/264.png;264;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/264.png;264;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/264.png;264;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/264.png;264;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/264.png;264;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/264.png;264;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/264.png;264;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/265.png;265;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/265.png;265;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/265.png;265;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/265.png;265;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/265.png;265;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/265.png;265;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/265.png;265;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/265.png;265;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/265.png;265;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/265.png;265;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/266.png;266;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/266.png;266;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/266.png;266;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/266.png;266;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/266.png;266;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/266.png;266;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/266.png;266;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/266.png;266;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/266.png;266;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/266.png;266;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/267.png;267;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/267.png;267;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/267.png;267;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/267.png;267;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/267.png;267;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/267.png;267;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/267.png;267;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/267.png;267;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/267.png;267;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/267.png;267;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/268.png;268;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/268.png;268;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/268.png;268;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/268.png;268;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/268.png;268;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/268.png;268;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/268.png;268;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/268.png;268;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/268.png;268;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/268.png;268;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/269.png;269;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/269.png;269;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/269.png;269;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/269.png;269;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/269.png;269;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/269.png;269;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/269.png;269;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/269.png;269;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/269.png;269;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/269.png;269;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/270.png;270;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/270.png;270;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/270.png;270;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/270.png;270;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/270.png;270;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/270.png;270;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/270.png;270;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/270.png;270;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/270.png;270;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/270.png;270;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/271.png;271;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/271.png;271;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/271.png;271;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/271.png;271;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/271.png;271;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/271.png;271;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/271.png;271;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/271.png;271;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/271.png;271;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/271.png;271;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/272.png;272;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/272.png;272;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/272.png;272;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/272.png;272;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/272.png;272;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/272.png;272;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/272.png;272;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/272.png;272;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/272.png;272;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/272.png;272;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/273.png;273;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/273.png;273;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/273.png;273;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/273.png;273;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/273.png;273;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/273.png;273;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/273.png;273;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/273.png;273;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/273.png;273;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/273.png;273;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/274.png;274;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/274.png;274;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/274.png;274;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/274.png;274;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/274.png;274;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/274.png;274;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/274.png;274;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/274.png;274;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/274.png;274;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/274.png;274;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/275.png;275;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/275.png;275;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/275.png;275;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/275.png;275;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/275.png;275;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/275.png;275;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/275.png;275;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/275.png;275;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/275.png;275;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/275.png;275;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/276.png;276;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/276.png;276;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/276.png;276;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/276.png;276;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/276.png;276;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/276.png;276;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/276.png;276;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/276.png;276;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/276.png;276;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/276.png;276;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/277.png;277;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/277.png;277;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/277.png;277;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/277.png;277;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/277.png;277;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/277.png;277;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/277.png;277;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/277.png;277;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/277.png;277;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/277.png;277;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/278.png;278;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/278.png;278;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/278.png;278;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/278.png;278;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/278.png;278;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/278.png;278;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/278.png;278;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/278.png;278;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/278.png;278;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/278.png;278;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/279.png;279;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/279.png;279;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/279.png;279;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/279.png;279;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/279.png;279;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/279.png;279;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/279.png;279;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/279.png;279;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/279.png;279;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/279.png;279;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/280.png;280;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/280.png;280;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/280.png;280;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/280.png;280;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/280.png;280;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/280.png;280;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/280.png;280;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/280.png;280;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/280.png;280;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/280.png;280;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/281.png;281;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/281.png;281;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/281.png;281;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/281.png;281;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/281.png;281;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/281.png;281;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/281.png;281;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/281.png;281;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/281.png;281;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/281.png;281;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/282.png;282;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/282.png;282;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/282.png;282;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/282.png;282;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/282.png;282;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/282.png;282;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/282.png;282;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/282.png;282;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/282.png;282;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/282.png;282;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/283.png;283;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/283.png;283;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/283.png;283;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/283.png;283;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/283.png;283;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/283.png;283;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/283.png;283;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/283.png;283;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/283.png;283;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/283.png;283;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/284.png;284;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/284.png;284;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/284.png;284;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/284.png;284;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/284.png;284;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/284.png;284;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/284.png;284;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/284.png;284;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/284.png;284;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/284.png;284;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/285.png;285;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/285.png;285;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/285.png;285;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/285.png;285;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/285.png;285;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/285.png;285;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/285.png;285;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/285.png;285;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/285.png;285;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/285.png;285;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/286.png;286;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/286.png;286;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/286.png;286;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/286.png;286;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/286.png;286;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/286.png;286;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/286.png;286;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/286.png;286;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/286.png;286;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/286.png;286;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/287.png;287;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/287.png;287;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/287.png;287;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/287.png;287;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/287.png;287;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/287.png;287;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/287.png;287;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/287.png;287;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/287.png;287;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/287.png;287;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/288.png;288;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/288.png;288;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/288.png;288;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/288.png;288;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/288.png;288;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/288.png;288;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/288.png;288;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/288.png;288;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/288.png;288;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/288.png;288;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/289.png;289;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/289.png;289;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/289.png;289;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/289.png;289;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/289.png;289;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/289.png;289;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/289.png;289;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/289.png;289;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/289.png;289;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/289.png;289;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/290.png;290;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/290.png;290;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/290.png;290;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/290.png;290;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/290.png;290;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/290.png;290;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/290.png;290;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/290.png;290;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/290.png;290;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/290.png;290;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/291.png;291;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/291.png;291;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/291.png;291;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/291.png;291;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/291.png;291;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/291.png;291;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/291.png;291;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/291.png;291;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/291.png;291;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/291.png;291;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/292.png;292;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/292.png;292;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/292.png;292;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/292.png;292;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/292.png;292;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/292.png;292;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/292.png;292;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/292.png;292;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/292.png;292;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/292.png;292;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/293.png;293;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/293.png;293;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/293.png;293;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/293.png;293;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/293.png;293;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/293.png;293;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/293.png;293;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/293.png;293;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/293.png;293;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/293.png;293;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/294.png;294;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/294.png;294;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/294.png;294;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/294.png;294;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/294.png;294;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/294.png;294;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/294.png;294;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/294.png;294;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/294.png;294;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/294.png;294;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/295.png;295;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/295.png;295;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/295.png;295;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/295.png;295;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/295.png;295;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/295.png;295;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/295.png;295;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/295.png;295;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/295.png;295;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/295.png;295;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/296.png;296;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/296.png;296;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/296.png;296;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/296.png;296;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/296.png;296;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/296.png;296;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/296.png;296;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/296.png;296;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/296.png;296;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/296.png;296;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/297.png;297;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/297.png;297;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/297.png;297;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/297.png;297;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/297.png;297;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/297.png;297;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/297.png;297;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/297.png;297;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/297.png;297;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/297.png;297;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/298.png;298;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/298.png;298;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/298.png;298;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/298.png;298;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/298.png;298;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/298.png;298;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/298.png;298;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/298.png;298;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/298.png;298;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/298.png;298;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/299.png;299;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/299.png;299;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/299.png;299;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/299.png;299;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/299.png;299;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/299.png;299;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/299.png;299;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/299.png;299;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/299.png;299;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/299.png;299;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/300.png;300;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/300.png;300;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/300.png;300;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/300.png;300;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/300.png;300;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/300.png;300;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/300.png;300;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/300.png;300;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/300.png;300;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/300.png;300;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/301.png;301;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/301.png;301;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/301.png;301;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/301.png;301;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/301.png;301;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/301.png;301;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/301.png;301;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/301.png;301;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/301.png;301;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/301.png;301;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/302.png;302;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/302.png;302;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/302.png;302;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/302.png;302;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/302.png;302;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/302.png;302;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/302.png;302;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/302.png;302;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/302.png;302;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/302.png;302;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/303.png;303;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/303.png;303;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/303.png;303;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/303.png;303;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/303.png;303;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/303.png;303;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/303.png;303;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/303.png;303;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/303.png;303;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/303.png;303;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/304.png;304;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/304.png;304;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/304.png;304;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/304.png;304;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/304.png;304;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/304.png;304;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/304.png;304;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/304.png;304;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/304.png;304;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/304.png;304;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/305.png;305;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/305.png;305;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/305.png;305;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/305.png;305;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/305.png;305;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/305.png;305;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/305.png;305;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/305.png;305;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/305.png;305;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/305.png;305;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/306.png;306;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/306.png;306;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/306.png;306;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/306.png;306;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/306.png;306;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/306.png;306;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/306.png;306;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/306.png;306;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/306.png;306;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/306.png;306;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/307.png;307;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/307.png;307;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/307.png;307;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/307.png;307;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/307.png;307;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/307.png;307;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/307.png;307;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/307.png;307;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/307.png;307;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/307.png;307;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/308.png;308;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/308.png;308;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/308.png;308;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/308.png;308;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/308.png;308;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/308.png;308;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/308.png;308;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/308.png;308;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/308.png;308;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/308.png;308;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/309.png;309;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/309.png;309;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/309.png;309;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/309.png;309;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/309.png;309;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/309.png;309;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/309.png;309;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/309.png;309;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/309.png;309;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/309.png;309;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/310.png;310;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/310.png;310;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/310.png;310;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/310.png;310;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/310.png;310;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/310.png;310;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/310.png;310;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/310.png;310;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/310.png;310;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/310.png;310;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/311.png;311;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/311.png;311;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/311.png;311;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/311.png;311;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/311.png;311;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/311.png;311;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/311.png;311;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/311.png;311;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/311.png;311;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/311.png;311;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/312.png;312;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/312.png;312;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/312.png;312;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/312.png;312;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/312.png;312;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/312.png;312;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/312.png;312;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/312.png;312;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/312.png;312;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/312.png;312;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/313.png;313;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/313.png;313;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/313.png;313;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/313.png;313;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/313.png;313;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/313.png;313;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/313.png;313;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/313.png;313;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/313.png;313;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/313.png;313;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/314.png;314;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/314.png;314;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/314.png;314;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/314.png;314;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/314.png;314;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/314.png;314;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/314.png;314;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/314.png;314;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/314.png;314;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/314.png;314;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/315.png;315;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/315.png;315;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/315.png;315;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/315.png;315;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/315.png;315;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/315.png;315;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/315.png;315;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/315.png;315;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/315.png;315;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/315.png;315;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/316.png;316;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/316.png;316;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/316.png;316;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/316.png;316;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/316.png;316;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/316.png;316;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/316.png;316;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/316.png;316;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/316.png;316;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/316.png;316;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/317.png;317;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/317.png;317;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/317.png;317;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/317.png;317;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/317.png;317;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/317.png;317;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/317.png;317;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/317.png;317;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/317.png;317;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/317.png;317;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/318.png;318;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/318.png;318;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/318.png;318;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/318.png;318;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/318.png;318;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/318.png;318;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/318.png;318;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/318.png;318;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/318.png;318;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/318.png;318;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/319.png;319;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/319.png;319;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/319.png;319;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/319.png;319;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/319.png;319;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/319.png;319;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/319.png;319;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/319.png;319;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/319.png;319;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/319.png;319;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/320.png;320;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/320.png;320;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/320.png;320;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/320.png;320;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/320.png;320;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/320.png;320;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/320.png;320;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/320.png;320;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/320.png;320;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/320.png;320;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/321.png;321;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/321.png;321;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/321.png;321;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/321.png;321;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/321.png;321;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/321.png;321;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/321.png;321;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/321.png;321;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/321.png;321;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/321.png;321;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/322.png;322;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/322.png;322;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/322.png;322;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/322.png;322;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/322.png;322;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/322.png;322;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/322.png;322;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/322.png;322;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/322.png;322;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/322.png;322;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/323.png;323;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/323.png;323;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/323.png;323;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/323.png;323;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/323.png;323;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/323.png;323;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/323.png;323;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/323.png;323;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/323.png;323;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/323.png;323;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/324.png;324;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/324.png;324;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/324.png;324;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/324.png;324;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/324.png;324;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/324.png;324;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/324.png;324;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/324.png;324;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/324.png;324;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/324.png;324;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/325.png;325;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/325.png;325;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/325.png;325;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/325.png;325;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/325.png;325;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/325.png;325;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/325.png;325;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/325.png;325;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/325.png;325;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/325.png;325;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/326.png;326;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/326.png;326;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/326.png;326;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/326.png;326;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/326.png;326;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/326.png;326;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/326.png;326;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/326.png;326;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/326.png;326;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/326.png;326;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/327.png;327;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/327.png;327;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/327.png;327;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/327.png;327;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/327.png;327;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/327.png;327;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/327.png;327;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/327.png;327;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/327.png;327;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/327.png;327;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/328.png;328;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/328.png;328;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/328.png;328;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/328.png;328;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/328.png;328;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/328.png;328;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/328.png;328;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/328.png;328;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/328.png;328;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/328.png;328;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/329.png;329;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/329.png;329;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/329.png;329;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/329.png;329;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/329.png;329;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/329.png;329;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/329.png;329;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/329.png;329;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/329.png;329;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/329.png;329;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/330.png;330;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/330.png;330;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/330.png;330;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/330.png;330;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/330.png;330;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/330.png;330;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/330.png;330;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/330.png;330;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/330.png;330;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/330.png;330;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/331.png;331;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/331.png;331;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/331.png;331;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/331.png;331;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/331.png;331;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/331.png;331;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/331.png;331;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/331.png;331;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/331.png;331;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/331.png;331;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/332.png;332;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/332.png;332;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/332.png;332;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/332.png;332;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/332.png;332;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/332.png;332;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/332.png;332;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/332.png;332;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/332.png;332;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/332.png;332;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/333.png;333;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/333.png;333;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/333.png;333;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/333.png;333;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/333.png;333;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/333.png;333;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/333.png;333;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/333.png;333;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/333.png;333;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/333.png;333;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/334.png;334;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/334.png;334;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/334.png;334;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/334.png;334;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/334.png;334;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/334.png;334;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/334.png;334;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/334.png;334;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/334.png;334;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/334.png;334;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/335.png;335;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/335.png;335;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/335.png;335;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/335.png;335;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/335.png;335;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/335.png;335;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/335.png;335;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/335.png;335;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/335.png;335;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/335.png;335;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/336.png;336;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/336.png;336;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/336.png;336;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/336.png;336;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/336.png;336;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/336.png;336;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/336.png;336;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/336.png;336;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/336.png;336;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/336.png;336;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/337.png;337;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/337.png;337;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/337.png;337;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/337.png;337;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/337.png;337;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/337.png;337;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/337.png;337;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/337.png;337;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/337.png;337;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/337.png;337;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/338.png;338;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/338.png;338;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/338.png;338;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/338.png;338;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/338.png;338;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/338.png;338;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/338.png;338;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/338.png;338;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/338.png;338;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/338.png;338;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/339.png;339;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/339.png;339;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/339.png;339;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/339.png;339;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/339.png;339;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/339.png;339;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/339.png;339;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/339.png;339;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/339.png;339;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/339.png;339;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/340.png;340;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/340.png;340;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/340.png;340;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/340.png;340;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/340.png;340;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/340.png;340;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/340.png;340;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/340.png;340;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/340.png;340;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/340.png;340;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/341.png;341;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/341.png;341;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/341.png;341;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/341.png;341;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/341.png;341;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/341.png;341;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/341.png;341;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/341.png;341;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/341.png;341;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/341.png;341;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/342.png;342;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/342.png;342;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/342.png;342;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/342.png;342;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/342.png;342;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/342.png;342;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/342.png;342;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/342.png;342;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/342.png;342;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/342.png;342;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/343.png;343;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/343.png;343;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/343.png;343;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/343.png;343;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/343.png;343;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/343.png;343;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/343.png;343;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/343.png;343;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/343.png;343;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/343.png;343;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/344.png;344;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/344.png;344;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/344.png;344;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/344.png;344;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/344.png;344;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/344.png;344;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/344.png;344;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/344.png;344;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/344.png;344;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/344.png;344;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/345.png;345;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/345.png;345;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/345.png;345;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/345.png;345;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/345.png;345;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/345.png;345;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/345.png;345;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/345.png;345;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/345.png;345;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/345.png;345;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/346.png;346;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/346.png;346;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/346.png;346;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/346.png;346;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/346.png;346;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/346.png;346;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/346.png;346;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/346.png;346;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/346.png;346;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/346.png;346;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/347.png;347;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/347.png;347;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/347.png;347;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/347.png;347;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/347.png;347;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/347.png;347;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/347.png;347;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/347.png;347;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/347.png;347;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/347.png;347;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/348.png;348;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/348.png;348;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/348.png;348;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/348.png;348;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/348.png;348;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/348.png;348;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/348.png;348;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/348.png;348;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/348.png;348;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/348.png;348;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/349.png;349;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/349.png;349;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/349.png;349;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/349.png;349;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/349.png;349;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/349.png;349;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/349.png;349;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/349.png;349;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/349.png;349;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/349.png;349;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/350.png;350;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/350.png;350;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/350.png;350;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/350.png;350;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/350.png;350;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/350.png;350;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/350.png;350;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/350.png;350;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/350.png;350;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/350.png;350;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/351.png;351;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/351.png;351;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/351.png;351;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/351.png;351;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/351.png;351;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/351.png;351;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/351.png;351;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/351.png;351;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/351.png;351;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/351.png;351;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/352.png;352;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/352.png;352;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/352.png;352;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/352.png;352;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/352.png;352;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/352.png;352;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/352.png;352;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/352.png;352;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/352.png;352;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/352.png;352;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/353.png;353;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/353.png;353;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/353.png;353;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/353.png;353;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/353.png;353;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/353.png;353;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/353.png;353;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/353.png;353;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/353.png;353;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/353.png;353;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/354.png;354;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/354.png;354;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/354.png;354;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/354.png;354;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/354.png;354;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/354.png;354;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/354.png;354;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/354.png;354;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/354.png;354;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/354.png;354;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/355.png;355;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/355.png;355;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/355.png;355;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/355.png;355;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/355.png;355;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/355.png;355;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/355.png;355;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/355.png;355;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/355.png;355;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/355.png;355;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/356.png;356;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/356.png;356;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/356.png;356;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/356.png;356;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/356.png;356;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/356.png;356;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/356.png;356;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/356.png;356;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/356.png;356;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/356.png;356;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/357.png;357;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/357.png;357;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/357.png;357;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/357.png;357;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/357.png;357;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/357.png;357;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/357.png;357;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/357.png;357;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/357.png;357;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/357.png;357;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/358.png;358;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/358.png;358;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/358.png;358;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/358.png;358;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/358.png;358;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/358.png;358;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/358.png;358;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/358.png;358;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/358.png;358;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/358.png;358;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/359.png;359;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/359.png;359;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/359.png;359;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/359.png;359;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/359.png;359;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/359.png;359;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/359.png;359;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/359.png;359;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/359.png;359;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/359.png;359;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/360.png;360;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/360.png;360;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/360.png;360;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/360.png;360;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/360.png;360;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/360.png;360;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/360.png;360;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/360.png;360;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/360.png;360;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/360.png;360;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/361.png;361;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/361.png;361;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/361.png;361;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/361.png;361;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/361.png;361;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/361.png;361;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/361.png;361;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/361.png;361;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/361.png;361;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/361.png;361;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/362.png;362;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/362.png;362;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/362.png;362;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/362.png;362;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/362.png;362;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/362.png;362;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/362.png;362;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/362.png;362;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/362.png;362;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/362.png;362;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/363.png;363;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/363.png;363;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/363.png;363;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/363.png;363;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/363.png;363;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/363.png;363;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/363.png;363;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/363.png;363;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/363.png;363;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/363.png;363;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/364.png;364;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/364.png;364;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/364.png;364;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/364.png;364;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/364.png;364;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/364.png;364;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/364.png;364;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/364.png;364;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/364.png;364;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/364.png;364;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/365.png;365;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/365.png;365;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/365.png;365;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/365.png;365;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/365.png;365;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/365.png;365;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/365.png;365;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/365.png;365;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/365.png;365;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/365.png;365;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/366.png;366;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/366.png;366;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/366.png;366;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/366.png;366;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/366.png;366;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/366.png;366;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/366.png;366;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/366.png;366;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/366.png;366;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/366.png;366;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/367.png;367;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/367.png;367;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/367.png;367;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/367.png;367;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/367.png;367;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/367.png;367;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/367.png;367;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/367.png;367;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/367.png;367;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/367.png;367;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/368.png;368;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/368.png;368;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/368.png;368;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/368.png;368;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/368.png;368;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/368.png;368;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/368.png;368;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/368.png;368;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/368.png;368;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/368.png;368;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/369.png;369;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/369.png;369;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/369.png;369;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/369.png;369;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/369.png;369;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/369.png;369;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/369.png;369;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/369.png;369;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/369.png;369;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/369.png;369;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/370.png;370;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/370.png;370;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/370.png;370;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/370.png;370;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/370.png;370;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/370.png;370;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/370.png;370;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/370.png;370;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/370.png;370;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/370.png;370;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/371.png;371;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/371.png;371;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/371.png;371;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/371.png;371;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/371.png;371;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/371.png;371;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/371.png;371;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/371.png;371;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/371.png;371;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/371.png;371;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/372.png;372;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/372.png;372;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/372.png;372;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/372.png;372;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/372.png;372;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/372.png;372;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/372.png;372;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/372.png;372;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/372.png;372;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/372.png;372;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/373.png;373;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/373.png;373;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/373.png;373;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/373.png;373;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/373.png;373;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/373.png;373;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/373.png;373;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/373.png;373;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/373.png;373;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/373.png;373;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/374.png;374;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/374.png;374;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/374.png;374;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/374.png;374;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/374.png;374;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/374.png;374;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/374.png;374;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/374.png;374;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/374.png;374;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/374.png;374;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/375.png;375;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/375.png;375;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/375.png;375;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/375.png;375;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/375.png;375;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/375.png;375;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/375.png;375;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/375.png;375;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/375.png;375;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/375.png;375;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/376.png;376;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/376.png;376;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/376.png;376;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/376.png;376;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/376.png;376;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/376.png;376;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/376.png;376;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/376.png;376;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/376.png;376;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/376.png;376;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/377.png;377;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/377.png;377;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/377.png;377;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/377.png;377;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/377.png;377;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/377.png;377;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/377.png;377;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/377.png;377;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/377.png;377;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/377.png;377;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/378.png;378;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/378.png;378;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/378.png;378;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/378.png;378;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/378.png;378;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/378.png;378;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/378.png;378;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/378.png;378;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/378.png;378;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/378.png;378;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/379.png;379;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/379.png;379;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/379.png;379;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/379.png;379;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/379.png;379;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/379.png;379;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/379.png;379;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/379.png;379;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/379.png;379;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/379.png;379;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/380.png;380;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/380.png;380;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/380.png;380;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/380.png;380;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/380.png;380;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/380.png;380;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/380.png;380;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/380.png;380;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/380.png;380;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/380.png;380;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/381.png;381;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/381.png;381;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/381.png;381;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/381.png;381;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/381.png;381;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/381.png;381;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/381.png;381;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/381.png;381;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/381.png;381;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/381.png;381;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/382.png;382;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/382.png;382;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/382.png;382;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/382.png;382;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/382.png;382;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/382.png;382;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/382.png;382;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/382.png;382;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/382.png;382;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/382.png;382;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/383.png;383;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/383.png;383;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/383.png;383;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/383.png;383;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/383.png;383;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/383.png;383;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/383.png;383;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/383.png;383;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/383.png;383;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/383.png;383;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/384.png;384;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/384.png;384;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/384.png;384;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/384.png;384;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/384.png;384;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/384.png;384;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/384.png;384;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/384.png;384;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/384.png;384;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/384.png;384;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/385.png;385;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/385.png;385;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/385.png;385;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/385.png;385;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/385.png;385;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/385.png;385;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/385.png;385;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/385.png;385;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/385.png;385;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/385.png;385;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/emerald/shiny/386.png;386;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/firered-leafgreen/shiny/386.png;386;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iii/ruby-sapphire/shiny/386.png;386;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/386.png;386;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/386.png;386;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/386.png;386;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/386.png;386;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/386.png;386;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/386.png;386;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/386.png;386;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/386.png;386;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/387.png;387;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/387.png;387;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/387.png;387;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/387.png;387;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/387.png;387;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/387.png;387;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/387.png;387;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/387.png;387;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/387.png;387;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/387.png;387;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/387.png;387;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/387.png;387;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/387.png;387;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/387.png;387;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/387.png;387;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/387.png;387;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/388.png;388;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/388.png;388;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/388.png;388;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/388.png;388;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/388.png;388;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/388.png;388;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/388.png;388;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/388.png;388;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/388.png;388;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/388.png;388;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/388.png;388;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/388.png;388;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/388.png;388;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/388.png;388;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/388.png;388;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/388.png;388;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/389.png;389;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/389.png;389;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/389.png;389;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/389.png;389;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/389.png;389;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/389.png;389;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/389.png;389;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/389.png;389;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/389.png;389;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/389.png;389;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/389.png;389;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/389.png;389;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/389.png;389;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/389.png;389;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/389.png;389;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/389.png;389;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/390.png;390;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/390.png;390;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/390.png;390;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/390.png;390;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/390.png;390;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/390.png;390;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/390.png;390;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/390.png;390;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/390.png;390;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/390.png;390;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/390.png;390;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/390.png;390;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/390.png;390;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/390.png;390;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/390.png;390;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/390.png;390;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/391.png;391;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/391.png;391;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/391.png;391;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/391.png;391;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/391.png;391;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/391.png;391;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/391.png;391;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/391.png;391;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/391.png;391;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/391.png;391;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/391.png;391;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/391.png;391;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/391.png;391;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/391.png;391;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/391.png;391;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/391.png;391;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/392.png;392;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/392.png;392;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/392.png;392;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/392.png;392;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/392.png;392;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/392.png;392;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/392.png;392;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/392.png;392;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/392.png;392;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/392.png;392;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/392.png;392;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/392.png;392;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/392.png;392;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/392.png;392;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/392.png;392;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/392.png;392;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/393.png;393;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/393.png;393;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/393.png;393;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/393.png;393;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/393.png;393;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/393.png;393;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/393.png;393;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/393.png;393;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/393.png;393;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/393.png;393;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/393.png;393;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/393.png;393;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/393.png;393;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/393.png;393;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/393.png;393;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/393.png;393;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/394.png;394;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/394.png;394;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/394.png;394;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/394.png;394;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/394.png;394;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/394.png;394;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/394.png;394;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/394.png;394;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/394.png;394;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/394.png;394;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/394.png;394;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/394.png;394;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/394.png;394;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/394.png;394;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/394.png;394;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/394.png;394;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/395.png;395;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/395.png;395;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/395.png;395;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/395.png;395;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/395.png;395;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/395.png;395;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/395.png;395;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/395.png;395;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/395.png;395;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/395.png;395;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/395.png;395;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/395.png;395;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/395.png;395;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/395.png;395;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/395.png;395;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/395.png;395;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/396.png;396;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/396.png;396;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/396.png;396;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/396.png;396;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/396.png;396;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/396.png;396;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/396.png;396;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/396.png;396;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/396.png;396;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/396.png;396;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/396.png;396;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/396.png;396;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/396.png;396;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/396.png;396;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/396.png;396;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/396.png;396;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/397.png;397;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/397.png;397;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/397.png;397;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/397.png;397;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/397.png;397;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/397.png;397;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/397.png;397;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/397.png;397;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/397.png;397;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/397.png;397;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/397.png;397;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/397.png;397;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/397.png;397;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/397.png;397;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/397.png;397;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/397.png;397;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/398.png;398;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/398.png;398;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/398.png;398;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/398.png;398;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/398.png;398;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/398.png;398;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/398.png;398;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/398.png;398;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/398.png;398;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/398.png;398;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/398.png;398;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/398.png;398;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/398.png;398;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/398.png;398;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/398.png;398;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/398.png;398;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/399.png;399;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/399.png;399;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/399.png;399;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/399.png;399;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/399.png;399;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/399.png;399;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/399.png;399;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/399.png;399;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/399.png;399;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/399.png;399;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/399.png;399;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/399.png;399;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/399.png;399;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/399.png;399;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/399.png;399;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/399.png;399;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/400.png;400;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/400.png;400;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/400.png;400;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/400.png;400;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/400.png;400;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/400.png;400;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/400.png;400;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/400.png;400;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/400.png;400;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/400.png;400;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/400.png;400;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/400.png;400;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/400.png;400;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/400.png;400;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/400.png;400;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/400.png;400;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/401.png;401;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/401.png;401;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/401.png;401;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/401.png;401;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/401.png;401;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/401.png;401;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/401.png;401;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/401.png;401;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/401.png;401;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/401.png;401;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/401.png;401;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/401.png;401;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/401.png;401;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/401.png;401;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/401.png;401;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/401.png;401;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/402.png;402;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/402.png;402;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/402.png;402;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/402.png;402;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/402.png;402;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/402.png;402;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/402.png;402;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/402.png;402;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/402.png;402;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/402.png;402;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/402.png;402;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/402.png;402;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/402.png;402;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/402.png;402;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/402.png;402;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/402.png;402;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/403.png;403;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/403.png;403;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/403.png;403;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/403.png;403;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/403.png;403;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/403.png;403;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/403.png;403;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/403.png;403;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/403.png;403;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/403.png;403;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/403.png;403;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/403.png;403;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/403.png;403;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/403.png;403;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/403.png;403;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/403.png;403;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/404.png;404;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/404.png;404;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/404.png;404;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/404.png;404;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/404.png;404;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/404.png;404;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/404.png;404;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/404.png;404;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/404.png;404;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/404.png;404;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/404.png;404;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/404.png;404;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/404.png;404;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/404.png;404;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/404.png;404;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/404.png;404;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/405.png;405;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/405.png;405;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/405.png;405;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/405.png;405;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/405.png;405;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/405.png;405;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/405.png;405;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/405.png;405;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/405.png;405;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/405.png;405;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/405.png;405;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/405.png;405;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/405.png;405;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/405.png;405;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/405.png;405;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/405.png;405;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/406.png;406;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/406.png;406;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/406.png;406;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/406.png;406;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/406.png;406;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/406.png;406;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/406.png;406;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/406.png;406;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/406.png;406;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/406.png;406;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/406.png;406;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/406.png;406;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/406.png;406;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/406.png;406;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/406.png;406;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/406.png;406;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/407.png;407;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/407.png;407;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/407.png;407;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/407.png;407;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/407.png;407;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/407.png;407;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/407.png;407;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/407.png;407;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/407.png;407;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/407.png;407;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/407.png;407;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/407.png;407;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/407.png;407;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/407.png;407;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/407.png;407;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/407.png;407;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/408.png;408;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/408.png;408;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/408.png;408;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/408.png;408;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/408.png;408;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/408.png;408;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/408.png;408;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/408.png;408;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/408.png;408;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/408.png;408;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/408.png;408;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/408.png;408;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/408.png;408;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/408.png;408;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/408.png;408;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/408.png;408;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/409.png;409;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/409.png;409;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/409.png;409;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/409.png;409;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/409.png;409;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/409.png;409;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/409.png;409;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/409.png;409;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/409.png;409;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/409.png;409;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/409.png;409;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/409.png;409;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/409.png;409;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/409.png;409;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/409.png;409;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/409.png;409;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/410.png;410;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/410.png;410;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/410.png;410;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/410.png;410;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/410.png;410;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/410.png;410;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/410.png;410;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/410.png;410;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/410.png;410;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/410.png;410;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/410.png;410;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/410.png;410;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/410.png;410;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/410.png;410;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/410.png;410;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/410.png;410;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/411.png;411;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/411.png;411;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/411.png;411;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/411.png;411;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/411.png;411;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/411.png;411;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/411.png;411;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/411.png;411;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/411.png;411;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/411.png;411;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/411.png;411;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/411.png;411;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/411.png;411;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/411.png;411;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/411.png;411;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/411.png;411;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/412.png;412;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/412.png;412;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/412.png;412;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/412.png;412;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/412.png;412;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/412.png;412;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/412.png;412;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/412.png;412;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/412.png;412;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/412.png;412;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/412.png;412;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/412.png;412;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/412.png;412;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/412.png;412;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/412.png;412;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/412.png;412;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/413.png;413;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/413.png;413;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/413.png;413;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/413.png;413;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/413.png;413;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/413.png;413;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/413.png;413;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/413.png;413;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/413.png;413;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/413.png;413;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/413.png;413;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/413.png;413;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/413.png;413;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/413.png;413;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/413.png;413;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/413.png;413;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/414.png;414;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/414.png;414;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/414.png;414;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/414.png;414;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/414.png;414;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/414.png;414;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/414.png;414;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/414.png;414;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/414.png;414;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/414.png;414;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/414.png;414;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/414.png;414;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/414.png;414;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/414.png;414;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/414.png;414;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/414.png;414;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/415.png;415;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/415.png;415;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/415.png;415;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/415.png;415;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/415.png;415;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/415.png;415;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/415.png;415;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/415.png;415;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/415.png;415;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/415.png;415;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/415.png;415;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/415.png;415;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/415.png;415;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/415.png;415;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/415.png;415;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/415.png;415;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/416.png;416;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/416.png;416;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/416.png;416;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/416.png;416;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/416.png;416;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/416.png;416;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/416.png;416;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/416.png;416;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/416.png;416;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/416.png;416;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/416.png;416;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/416.png;416;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/416.png;416;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/416.png;416;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/416.png;416;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/416.png;416;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/417.png;417;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/417.png;417;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/417.png;417;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/417.png;417;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/417.png;417;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/417.png;417;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/417.png;417;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/417.png;417;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/417.png;417;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/417.png;417;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/417.png;417;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/417.png;417;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/417.png;417;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/417.png;417;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/417.png;417;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/417.png;417;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/418.png;418;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/418.png;418;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/418.png;418;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/418.png;418;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/418.png;418;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/418.png;418;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/418.png;418;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/418.png;418;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/418.png;418;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/418.png;418;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/418.png;418;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/418.png;418;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/418.png;418;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/418.png;418;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/418.png;418;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/418.png;418;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/419.png;419;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/419.png;419;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/419.png;419;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/419.png;419;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/419.png;419;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/419.png;419;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/419.png;419;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/419.png;419;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/419.png;419;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/419.png;419;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/419.png;419;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/419.png;419;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/419.png;419;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/419.png;419;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/419.png;419;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/419.png;419;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/420.png;420;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/420.png;420;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/420.png;420;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/420.png;420;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/420.png;420;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/420.png;420;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/420.png;420;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/420.png;420;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/420.png;420;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/420.png;420;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/420.png;420;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/420.png;420;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/420.png;420;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/420.png;420;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/420.png;420;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/420.png;420;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/421.png;421;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/421.png;421;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/421.png;421;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/421.png;421;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/421.png;421;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/421.png;421;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/421.png;421;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/421.png;421;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/421.png;421;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/421.png;421;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/421.png;421;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/421.png;421;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/421.png;421;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/421.png;421;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/421.png;421;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/421.png;421;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/422.png;422;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/422.png;422;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/422.png;422;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/422.png;422;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/422.png;422;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/422.png;422;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/422.png;422;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/422.png;422;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/422.png;422;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/422.png;422;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/422.png;422;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/422.png;422;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/422.png;422;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/422.png;422;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/422.png;422;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/422.png;422;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/423.png;423;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/423.png;423;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/423.png;423;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/423.png;423;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/423.png;423;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/423.png;423;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/423.png;423;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/423.png;423;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/423.png;423;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/423.png;423;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/423.png;423;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/423.png;423;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/423.png;423;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/423.png;423;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/423.png;423;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/423.png;423;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/424.png;424;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/424.png;424;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/424.png;424;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/424.png;424;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/424.png;424;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/424.png;424;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/424.png;424;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/424.png;424;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/424.png;424;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/424.png;424;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/424.png;424;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/424.png;424;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/424.png;424;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/424.png;424;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/424.png;424;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/424.png;424;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/425.png;425;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/425.png;425;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/425.png;425;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/425.png;425;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/425.png;425;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/425.png;425;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/425.png;425;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/425.png;425;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/425.png;425;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/425.png;425;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/425.png;425;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/425.png;425;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/425.png;425;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/425.png;425;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/425.png;425;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/425.png;425;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/426.png;426;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/426.png;426;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/426.png;426;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/426.png;426;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/426.png;426;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/426.png;426;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/426.png;426;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/426.png;426;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/426.png;426;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/426.png;426;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/426.png;426;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/426.png;426;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/426.png;426;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/426.png;426;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/426.png;426;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/426.png;426;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/427.png;427;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/427.png;427;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/427.png;427;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/427.png;427;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/427.png;427;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/427.png;427;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/427.png;427;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/427.png;427;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/427.png;427;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/427.png;427;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/427.png;427;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/427.png;427;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/427.png;427;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/427.png;427;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/427.png;427;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/427.png;427;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/428.png;428;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/428.png;428;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/428.png;428;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/428.png;428;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/428.png;428;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/428.png;428;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/428.png;428;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/428.png;428;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/428.png;428;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/428.png;428;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/428.png;428;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/428.png;428;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/428.png;428;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/428.png;428;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/428.png;428;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/428.png;428;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/429.png;429;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/429.png;429;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/429.png;429;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/429.png;429;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/429.png;429;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/429.png;429;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/429.png;429;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/429.png;429;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/429.png;429;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/429.png;429;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/429.png;429;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/429.png;429;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/429.png;429;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/429.png;429;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/429.png;429;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/429.png;429;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/430.png;430;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/430.png;430;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/430.png;430;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/430.png;430;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/430.png;430;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/430.png;430;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/430.png;430;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/430.png;430;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/430.png;430;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/430.png;430;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/430.png;430;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/430.png;430;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/430.png;430;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/430.png;430;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/430.png;430;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/430.png;430;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/431.png;431;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/431.png;431;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/431.png;431;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/431.png;431;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/431.png;431;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/431.png;431;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/431.png;431;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/431.png;431;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/431.png;431;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/431.png;431;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/431.png;431;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/431.png;431;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/431.png;431;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/431.png;431;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/431.png;431;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/431.png;431;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/432.png;432;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/432.png;432;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/432.png;432;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/432.png;432;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/432.png;432;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/432.png;432;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/432.png;432;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/432.png;432;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/432.png;432;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/432.png;432;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/432.png;432;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/432.png;432;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/432.png;432;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/432.png;432;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/432.png;432;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/432.png;432;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/433.png;433;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/433.png;433;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/433.png;433;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/433.png;433;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/433.png;433;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/433.png;433;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/433.png;433;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/433.png;433;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/433.png;433;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/433.png;433;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/433.png;433;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/433.png;433;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/433.png;433;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/433.png;433;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/433.png;433;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/433.png;433;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/434.png;434;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/434.png;434;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/434.png;434;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/434.png;434;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/434.png;434;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/434.png;434;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/434.png;434;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/434.png;434;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/434.png;434;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/434.png;434;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/434.png;434;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/434.png;434;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/434.png;434;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/434.png;434;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/434.png;434;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/434.png;434;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/435.png;435;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/435.png;435;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/435.png;435;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/435.png;435;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/435.png;435;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/435.png;435;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/435.png;435;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/435.png;435;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/435.png;435;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/435.png;435;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/435.png;435;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/435.png;435;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/435.png;435;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/435.png;435;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/435.png;435;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/435.png;435;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/436.png;436;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/436.png;436;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/436.png;436;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/436.png;436;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/436.png;436;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/436.png;436;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/436.png;436;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/436.png;436;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/436.png;436;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/436.png;436;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/436.png;436;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/436.png;436;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/436.png;436;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/436.png;436;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/436.png;436;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/436.png;436;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/437.png;437;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/437.png;437;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/437.png;437;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/437.png;437;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/437.png;437;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/437.png;437;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/437.png;437;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/437.png;437;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/437.png;437;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/437.png;437;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/437.png;437;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/437.png;437;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/437.png;437;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/437.png;437;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/437.png;437;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/437.png;437;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/438.png;438;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/438.png;438;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/438.png;438;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/438.png;438;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/438.png;438;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/438.png;438;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/438.png;438;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/438.png;438;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/438.png;438;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/438.png;438;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/438.png;438;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/438.png;438;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/438.png;438;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/438.png;438;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/438.png;438;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/438.png;438;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/439.png;439;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/439.png;439;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/439.png;439;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/439.png;439;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/439.png;439;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/439.png;439;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/439.png;439;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/439.png;439;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/439.png;439;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/439.png;439;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/439.png;439;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/439.png;439;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/439.png;439;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/439.png;439;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/439.png;439;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/439.png;439;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/440.png;440;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/440.png;440;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/440.png;440;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/440.png;440;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/440.png;440;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/440.png;440;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/440.png;440;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/440.png;440;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/440.png;440;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/440.png;440;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/440.png;440;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/440.png;440;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/440.png;440;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/440.png;440;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/440.png;440;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/440.png;440;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/441.png;441;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/441.png;441;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/441.png;441;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/441.png;441;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/441.png;441;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/441.png;441;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/441.png;441;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/441.png;441;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/441.png;441;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/441.png;441;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/441.png;441;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/441.png;441;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/441.png;441;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/441.png;441;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/441.png;441;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/441.png;441;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/442.png;442;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/442.png;442;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/442.png;442;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/442.png;442;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/442.png;442;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/442.png;442;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/442.png;442;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/442.png;442;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/442.png;442;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/442.png;442;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/442.png;442;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/442.png;442;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/442.png;442;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/442.png;442;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/442.png;442;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/442.png;442;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/443.png;443;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/443.png;443;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/443.png;443;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/443.png;443;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/443.png;443;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/443.png;443;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/443.png;443;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/443.png;443;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/443.png;443;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/443.png;443;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/443.png;443;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/443.png;443;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/443.png;443;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/443.png;443;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/443.png;443;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/443.png;443;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/444.png;444;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/444.png;444;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/444.png;444;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/444.png;444;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/444.png;444;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/444.png;444;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/444.png;444;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/444.png;444;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/444.png;444;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/444.png;444;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/444.png;444;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/444.png;444;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/444.png;444;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/444.png;444;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/444.png;444;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/444.png;444;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/445.png;445;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/445.png;445;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/445.png;445;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/445.png;445;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/445.png;445;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/445.png;445;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/445.png;445;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/445.png;445;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/445.png;445;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/445.png;445;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/445.png;445;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/445.png;445;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/445.png;445;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/445.png;445;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/445.png;445;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/445.png;445;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/446.png;446;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/446.png;446;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/446.png;446;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/446.png;446;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/446.png;446;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/446.png;446;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/446.png;446;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/446.png;446;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/446.png;446;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/446.png;446;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/446.png;446;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/446.png;446;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/446.png;446;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/446.png;446;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/446.png;446;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/446.png;446;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/447.png;447;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/447.png;447;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/447.png;447;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/447.png;447;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/447.png;447;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/447.png;447;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/447.png;447;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/447.png;447;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/447.png;447;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/447.png;447;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/447.png;447;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/447.png;447;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/447.png;447;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/447.png;447;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/447.png;447;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/447.png;447;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/448.png;448;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/448.png;448;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/448.png;448;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/448.png;448;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/448.png;448;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/448.png;448;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/448.png;448;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/448.png;448;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/448.png;448;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/448.png;448;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/448.png;448;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/448.png;448;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/448.png;448;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/448.png;448;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/448.png;448;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/448.png;448;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/449.png;449;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/449.png;449;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/449.png;449;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/449.png;449;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/449.png;449;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/449.png;449;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/449.png;449;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/449.png;449;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/449.png;449;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/449.png;449;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/449.png;449;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/449.png;449;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/449.png;449;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/449.png;449;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/449.png;449;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/449.png;449;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/450.png;450;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/450.png;450;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/450.png;450;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/450.png;450;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/450.png;450;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/450.png;450;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/450.png;450;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/450.png;450;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/450.png;450;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/450.png;450;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/450.png;450;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/450.png;450;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/450.png;450;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/450.png;450;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/450.png;450;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/450.png;450;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/451.png;451;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/451.png;451;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/451.png;451;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/451.png;451;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/451.png;451;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/451.png;451;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/451.png;451;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/451.png;451;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/451.png;451;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/451.png;451;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/451.png;451;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/451.png;451;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/451.png;451;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/451.png;451;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/451.png;451;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/451.png;451;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/452.png;452;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/452.png;452;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/452.png;452;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/452.png;452;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/452.png;452;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/452.png;452;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/452.png;452;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/452.png;452;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/452.png;452;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/452.png;452;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/452.png;452;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/452.png;452;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/452.png;452;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/452.png;452;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/452.png;452;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/452.png;452;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/453.png;453;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/453.png;453;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/453.png;453;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/453.png;453;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/453.png;453;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/453.png;453;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/453.png;453;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/453.png;453;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/453.png;453;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/453.png;453;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/453.png;453;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/453.png;453;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/453.png;453;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/453.png;453;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/453.png;453;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/453.png;453;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/454.png;454;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/454.png;454;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/454.png;454;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/454.png;454;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/454.png;454;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/454.png;454;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/454.png;454;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/454.png;454;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/454.png;454;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/454.png;454;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/454.png;454;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/454.png;454;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/454.png;454;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/454.png;454;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/454.png;454;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/454.png;454;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/455.png;455;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/455.png;455;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/455.png;455;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/455.png;455;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/455.png;455;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/455.png;455;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/455.png;455;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/455.png;455;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/455.png;455;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/455.png;455;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/455.png;455;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/455.png;455;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/455.png;455;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/455.png;455;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/455.png;455;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/455.png;455;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/456.png;456;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/456.png;456;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/456.png;456;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/456.png;456;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/456.png;456;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/456.png;456;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/456.png;456;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/456.png;456;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/456.png;456;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/456.png;456;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/456.png;456;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/456.png;456;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/456.png;456;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/456.png;456;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/456.png;456;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/456.png;456;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/457.png;457;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/457.png;457;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/457.png;457;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/457.png;457;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/457.png;457;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/457.png;457;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/457.png;457;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/457.png;457;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/457.png;457;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/457.png;457;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/457.png;457;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/457.png;457;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/457.png;457;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/457.png;457;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/457.png;457;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/457.png;457;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/458.png;458;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/458.png;458;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/458.png;458;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/458.png;458;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/458.png;458;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/458.png;458;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/458.png;458;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/458.png;458;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/458.png;458;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/458.png;458;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/458.png;458;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/458.png;458;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/458.png;458;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/458.png;458;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/458.png;458;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/458.png;458;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/459.png;459;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/459.png;459;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/459.png;459;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/459.png;459;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/459.png;459;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/459.png;459;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/459.png;459;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/459.png;459;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/459.png;459;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/459.png;459;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/459.png;459;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/459.png;459;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/459.png;459;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/459.png;459;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/459.png;459;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/459.png;459;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/460.png;460;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/460.png;460;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/460.png;460;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/460.png;460;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/460.png;460;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/460.png;460;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/460.png;460;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/460.png;460;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/460.png;460;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/460.png;460;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/460.png;460;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/460.png;460;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/460.png;460;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/460.png;460;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/460.png;460;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/460.png;460;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/461.png;461;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/461.png;461;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/461.png;461;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/461.png;461;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/461.png;461;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/461.png;461;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/461.png;461;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/461.png;461;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/461.png;461;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/461.png;461;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/461.png;461;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/461.png;461;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/461.png;461;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/461.png;461;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/461.png;461;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/461.png;461;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/462.png;462;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/462.png;462;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/462.png;462;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/462.png;462;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/462.png;462;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/462.png;462;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/462.png;462;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/462.png;462;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/462.png;462;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/462.png;462;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/462.png;462;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/462.png;462;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/462.png;462;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/462.png;462;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/462.png;462;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/462.png;462;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/463.png;463;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/463.png;463;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/463.png;463;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/463.png;463;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/463.png;463;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/463.png;463;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/463.png;463;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/463.png;463;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/463.png;463;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/463.png;463;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/463.png;463;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/463.png;463;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/463.png;463;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/463.png;463;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/463.png;463;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/463.png;463;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/464.png;464;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/464.png;464;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/464.png;464;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/464.png;464;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/464.png;464;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/464.png;464;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/464.png;464;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/464.png;464;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/464.png;464;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/464.png;464;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/464.png;464;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/464.png;464;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/464.png;464;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/464.png;464;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/464.png;464;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/464.png;464;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/465.png;465;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/465.png;465;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/465.png;465;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/465.png;465;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/465.png;465;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/465.png;465;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/465.png;465;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/465.png;465;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/465.png;465;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/465.png;465;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/465.png;465;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/465.png;465;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/465.png;465;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/465.png;465;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/465.png;465;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/465.png;465;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/466.png;466;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/466.png;466;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/466.png;466;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/466.png;466;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/466.png;466;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/466.png;466;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/466.png;466;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/466.png;466;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/466.png;466;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/466.png;466;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/466.png;466;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/466.png;466;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/466.png;466;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/466.png;466;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/466.png;466;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/466.png;466;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/467.png;467;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/467.png;467;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/467.png;467;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/467.png;467;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/467.png;467;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/467.png;467;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/467.png;467;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/467.png;467;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/467.png;467;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/467.png;467;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/467.png;467;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/467.png;467;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/467.png;467;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/467.png;467;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/467.png;467;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/467.png;467;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/468.png;468;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/468.png;468;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/468.png;468;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/468.png;468;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/468.png;468;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/468.png;468;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/468.png;468;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/468.png;468;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/468.png;468;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/468.png;468;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/468.png;468;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/468.png;468;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/468.png;468;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/468.png;468;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/468.png;468;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/468.png;468;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/469.png;469;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/469.png;469;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/469.png;469;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/469.png;469;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/469.png;469;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/469.png;469;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/469.png;469;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/469.png;469;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/469.png;469;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/469.png;469;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/469.png;469;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/469.png;469;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/469.png;469;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/469.png;469;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/469.png;469;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/469.png;469;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/470.png;470;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/470.png;470;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/470.png;470;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/470.png;470;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/470.png;470;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/470.png;470;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/470.png;470;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/470.png;470;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/470.png;470;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/470.png;470;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/470.png;470;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/470.png;470;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/470.png;470;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/470.png;470;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/470.png;470;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/470.png;470;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/471.png;471;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/471.png;471;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/471.png;471;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/471.png;471;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/471.png;471;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/471.png;471;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/471.png;471;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/471.png;471;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/471.png;471;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/471.png;471;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/471.png;471;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/471.png;471;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/471.png;471;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/471.png;471;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/471.png;471;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/471.png;471;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/472.png;472;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/472.png;472;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/472.png;472;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/472.png;472;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/472.png;472;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/472.png;472;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/472.png;472;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/472.png;472;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/472.png;472;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/472.png;472;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/472.png;472;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/472.png;472;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/472.png;472;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/472.png;472;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/472.png;472;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/472.png;472;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/473.png;473;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/473.png;473;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/473.png;473;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/473.png;473;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/473.png;473;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/473.png;473;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/473.png;473;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/473.png;473;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/473.png;473;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/473.png;473;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/473.png;473;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/473.png;473;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/473.png;473;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/473.png;473;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/473.png;473;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/473.png;473;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/474.png;474;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/474.png;474;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/474.png;474;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/474.png;474;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/474.png;474;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/474.png;474;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/474.png;474;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/474.png;474;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/474.png;474;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/474.png;474;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/474.png;474;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/474.png;474;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/474.png;474;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/474.png;474;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/474.png;474;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/474.png;474;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/475.png;475;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/475.png;475;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/475.png;475;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/475.png;475;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/475.png;475;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/475.png;475;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/475.png;475;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/475.png;475;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/475.png;475;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/475.png;475;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/475.png;475;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/475.png;475;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/475.png;475;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/475.png;475;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/475.png;475;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/475.png;475;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/476.png;476;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/476.png;476;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/476.png;476;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/476.png;476;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/476.png;476;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/476.png;476;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/476.png;476;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/476.png;476;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/476.png;476;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/476.png;476;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/476.png;476;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/476.png;476;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/476.png;476;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/476.png;476;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/476.png;476;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/476.png;476;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/477.png;477;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/477.png;477;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/477.png;477;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/477.png;477;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/477.png;477;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/477.png;477;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/477.png;477;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/477.png;477;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/477.png;477;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/477.png;477;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/477.png;477;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/477.png;477;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/477.png;477;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/477.png;477;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/477.png;477;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/477.png;477;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/478.png;478;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/478.png;478;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/478.png;478;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/478.png;478;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/478.png;478;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/478.png;478;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/478.png;478;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/478.png;478;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/478.png;478;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/478.png;478;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/478.png;478;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/478.png;478;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/478.png;478;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/478.png;478;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/478.png;478;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/478.png;478;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/479.png;479;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/479.png;479;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/479.png;479;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/479.png;479;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/479.png;479;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/479.png;479;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/479.png;479;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/479.png;479;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/479.png;479;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/479.png;479;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/479.png;479;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/479.png;479;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/479.png;479;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/479.png;479;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/479.png;479;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/479.png;479;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/480.png;480;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/480.png;480;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/480.png;480;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/480.png;480;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/480.png;480;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/480.png;480;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/480.png;480;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/480.png;480;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/480.png;480;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/480.png;480;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/480.png;480;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/480.png;480;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/480.png;480;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/480.png;480;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/480.png;480;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/480.png;480;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/481.png;481;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/481.png;481;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/481.png;481;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/481.png;481;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/481.png;481;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/481.png;481;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/481.png;481;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/481.png;481;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/481.png;481;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/481.png;481;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/481.png;481;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/481.png;481;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/481.png;481;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/481.png;481;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/481.png;481;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/481.png;481;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/482.png;482;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/482.png;482;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/482.png;482;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/482.png;482;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/482.png;482;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/482.png;482;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/482.png;482;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/482.png;482;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/482.png;482;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/482.png;482;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/482.png;482;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/482.png;482;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/482.png;482;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/482.png;482;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/482.png;482;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/482.png;482;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/483.png;483;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/483.png;483;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/483.png;483;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/483.png;483;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/483.png;483;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/483.png;483;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/483.png;483;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/483.png;483;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/483.png;483;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/483.png;483;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/483.png;483;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/483.png;483;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/483.png;483;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/483.png;483;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/483.png;483;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/483.png;483;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/484.png;484;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/484.png;484;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/484.png;484;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/484.png;484;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/484.png;484;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/484.png;484;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/484.png;484;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/484.png;484;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/484.png;484;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/484.png;484;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/484.png;484;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/484.png;484;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/484.png;484;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/484.png;484;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/484.png;484;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/484.png;484;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/485.png;485;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/485.png;485;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/485.png;485;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/485.png;485;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/485.png;485;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/485.png;485;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/485.png;485;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/485.png;485;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/485.png;485;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/485.png;485;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/485.png;485;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/485.png;485;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/485.png;485;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/485.png;485;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/485.png;485;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/485.png;485;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/486.png;486;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/486.png;486;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/486.png;486;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/486.png;486;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/486.png;486;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/486.png;486;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/486.png;486;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/486.png;486;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/486.png;486;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/486.png;486;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/486.png;486;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/486.png;486;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/486.png;486;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/486.png;486;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/486.png;486;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/486.png;486;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/487.png;487;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/487.png;487;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/487.png;487;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/487.png;487;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/487.png;487;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/487.png;487;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/487.png;487;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/487.png;487;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/487.png;487;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/487.png;487;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/487.png;487;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/487.png;487;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/487.png;487;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/487.png;487;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/487.png;487;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/487.png;487;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/488.png;488;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/488.png;488;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/488.png;488;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/488.png;488;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/488.png;488;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/488.png;488;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/488.png;488;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/488.png;488;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/488.png;488;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/488.png;488;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/488.png;488;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/488.png;488;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/488.png;488;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/488.png;488;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/488.png;488;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/488.png;488;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/489.png;489;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/489.png;489;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/489.png;489;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/489.png;489;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/489.png;489;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/489.png;489;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/489.png;489;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/489.png;489;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/489.png;489;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/489.png;489;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/489.png;489;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/489.png;489;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/489.png;489;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/489.png;489;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/489.png;489;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/489.png;489;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/490.png;490;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/490.png;490;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/490.png;490;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/490.png;490;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/490.png;490;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/490.png;490;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/490.png;490;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/490.png;490;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/490.png;490;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/490.png;490;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/490.png;490;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/490.png;490;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/490.png;490;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/490.png;490;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/490.png;490;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/490.png;490;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/491.png;491;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/491.png;491;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/491.png;491;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/491.png;491;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/491.png;491;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/491.png;491;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/491.png;491;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/491.png;491;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/491.png;491;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/491.png;491;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/491.png;491;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/491.png;491;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/491.png;491;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/491.png;491;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/491.png;491;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/491.png;491;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/492.png;492;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/492.png;492;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/492.png;492;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/492.png;492;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/492.png;492;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/492.png;492;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/492.png;492;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/492.png;492;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/492.png;492;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/492.png;492;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/492.png;492;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/492.png;492;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/492.png;492;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/492.png;492;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/492.png;492;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/492.png;492;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/493.png;493;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/diamond-pearl/shiny/493.png;493;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/493.png;493;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/heartgold-soulsilver/shiny/493.png;493;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/493.png;493;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-iv/platinum/shiny/493.png;493;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/493.png;493;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/493.png;493;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/493.png;493;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/493.png;493;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/493.png;493;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/493.png;493;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/493.png;493;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/493.png;493;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/493.png;493;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/493.png;493;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/494.png;494;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/494.png;494;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/494.png;494;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/494.png;494;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/494.png;494;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/494.png;494;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/494.png;494;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/494.png;494;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/494.png;494;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/494.png;494;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/495.png;495;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/495.png;495;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/495.png;495;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/495.png;495;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/495.png;495;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/495.png;495;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/495.png;495;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/495.png;495;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/495.png;495;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/495.png;495;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/496.png;496;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/496.png;496;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/496.png;496;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/496.png;496;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/496.png;496;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/496.png;496;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/496.png;496;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/496.png;496;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/496.png;496;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/496.png;496;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/497.png;497;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/497.png;497;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/497.png;497;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/497.png;497;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/497.png;497;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/497.png;497;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/497.png;497;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/497.png;497;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/497.png;497;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/497.png;497;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/498.png;498;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/498.png;498;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/498.png;498;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/498.png;498;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/498.png;498;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/498.png;498;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/498.png;498;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/498.png;498;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/498.png;498;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/498.png;498;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/499.png;499;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/499.png;499;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/499.png;499;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/499.png;499;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/499.png;499;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/499.png;499;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/499.png;499;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/499.png;499;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/499.png;499;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/499.png;499;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/500.png;500;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/500.png;500;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/500.png;500;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/500.png;500;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/500.png;500;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/500.png;500;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/500.png;500;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/500.png;500;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/500.png;500;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/500.png;500;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/501.png;501;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/501.png;501;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/501.png;501;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/501.png;501;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/501.png;501;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/501.png;501;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/501.png;501;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/501.png;501;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/501.png;501;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/501.png;501;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/502.png;502;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/502.png;502;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/502.png;502;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/502.png;502;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/502.png;502;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/502.png;502;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/502.png;502;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/502.png;502;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/502.png;502;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/502.png;502;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/503.png;503;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/503.png;503;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/503.png;503;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/503.png;503;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/503.png;503;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/503.png;503;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/503.png;503;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/503.png;503;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/503.png;503;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/503.png;503;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/504.png;504;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/504.png;504;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/504.png;504;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/504.png;504;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/504.png;504;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/504.png;504;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/504.png;504;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/504.png;504;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/504.png;504;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/504.png;504;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/505.png;505;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/505.png;505;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/505.png;505;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/505.png;505;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/505.png;505;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/505.png;505;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/505.png;505;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/505.png;505;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/505.png;505;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/505.png;505;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/506.png;506;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/506.png;506;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/506.png;506;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/506.png;506;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/506.png;506;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/506.png;506;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/506.png;506;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/506.png;506;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/506.png;506;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/506.png;506;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/507.png;507;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/507.png;507;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/507.png;507;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/507.png;507;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/507.png;507;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/507.png;507;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/507.png;507;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/507.png;507;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/507.png;507;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/507.png;507;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/508.png;508;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/508.png;508;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/508.png;508;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/508.png;508;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/508.png;508;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/508.png;508;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/508.png;508;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/508.png;508;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/508.png;508;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/508.png;508;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/509.png;509;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/509.png;509;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/509.png;509;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/509.png;509;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/509.png;509;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/509.png;509;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/509.png;509;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/509.png;509;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/509.png;509;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/509.png;509;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/510.png;510;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/510.png;510;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/510.png;510;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/510.png;510;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/510.png;510;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/510.png;510;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/510.png;510;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/510.png;510;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/510.png;510;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/510.png;510;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/511.png;511;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/511.png;511;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/511.png;511;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/511.png;511;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/511.png;511;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/511.png;511;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/511.png;511;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/511.png;511;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/511.png;511;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/511.png;511;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/512.png;512;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/512.png;512;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/512.png;512;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/512.png;512;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/512.png;512;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/512.png;512;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/512.png;512;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/512.png;512;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/512.png;512;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/512.png;512;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/513.png;513;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/513.png;513;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/513.png;513;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/513.png;513;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/513.png;513;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/513.png;513;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/513.png;513;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/513.png;513;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/513.png;513;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/513.png;513;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/514.png;514;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/514.png;514;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/514.png;514;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/514.png;514;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/514.png;514;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/514.png;514;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/514.png;514;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/514.png;514;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/514.png;514;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/514.png;514;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/515.png;515;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/515.png;515;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/515.png;515;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/515.png;515;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/515.png;515;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/515.png;515;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/515.png;515;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/515.png;515;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/515.png;515;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/515.png;515;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/516.png;516;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/516.png;516;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/516.png;516;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/516.png;516;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/516.png;516;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/516.png;516;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/516.png;516;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/516.png;516;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/516.png;516;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/516.png;516;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/517.png;517;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/517.png;517;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/517.png;517;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/517.png;517;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/517.png;517;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/517.png;517;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/517.png;517;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/517.png;517;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/517.png;517;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/517.png;517;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/518.png;518;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/518.png;518;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/518.png;518;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/518.png;518;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/518.png;518;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/518.png;518;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/518.png;518;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/518.png;518;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/518.png;518;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/518.png;518;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/519.png;519;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/519.png;519;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/519.png;519;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/519.png;519;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/519.png;519;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/519.png;519;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/519.png;519;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/519.png;519;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/519.png;519;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/519.png;519;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/520.png;520;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/520.png;520;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/520.png;520;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/520.png;520;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/520.png;520;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/520.png;520;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/520.png;520;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/520.png;520;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/520.png;520;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/520.png;520;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/521.png;521;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/521.png;521;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/521.png;521;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/521.png;521;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/521.png;521;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/521.png;521;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/521.png;521;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/521.png;521;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/521.png;521;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/521.png;521;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/522.png;522;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/522.png;522;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/522.png;522;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/522.png;522;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/522.png;522;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/522.png;522;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/522.png;522;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/522.png;522;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/522.png;522;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/522.png;522;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/523.png;523;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/523.png;523;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/523.png;523;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/523.png;523;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/523.png;523;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/523.png;523;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/523.png;523;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/523.png;523;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/523.png;523;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/523.png;523;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/524.png;524;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/524.png;524;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/524.png;524;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/524.png;524;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/524.png;524;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/524.png;524;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/524.png;524;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/524.png;524;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/524.png;524;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/524.png;524;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/525.png;525;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/525.png;525;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/525.png;525;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/525.png;525;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/525.png;525;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/525.png;525;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/525.png;525;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/525.png;525;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/525.png;525;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/525.png;525;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/526.png;526;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/526.png;526;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/526.png;526;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/526.png;526;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/526.png;526;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/526.png;526;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/526.png;526;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/526.png;526;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/526.png;526;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/526.png;526;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/527.png;527;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/527.png;527;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/527.png;527;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/527.png;527;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/527.png;527;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/527.png;527;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/527.png;527;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/527.png;527;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/527.png;527;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/527.png;527;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/528.png;528;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/528.png;528;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/528.png;528;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/528.png;528;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/528.png;528;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/528.png;528;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/528.png;528;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/528.png;528;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/528.png;528;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/528.png;528;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/529.png;529;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/529.png;529;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/529.png;529;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/529.png;529;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/529.png;529;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/529.png;529;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/529.png;529;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/529.png;529;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/529.png;529;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/529.png;529;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/530.png;530;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/530.png;530;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/530.png;530;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/530.png;530;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/530.png;530;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/530.png;530;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/530.png;530;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/530.png;530;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/530.png;530;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/530.png;530;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/531.png;531;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/531.png;531;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/531.png;531;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/531.png;531;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/531.png;531;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/531.png;531;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/531.png;531;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/531.png;531;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/531.png;531;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/531.png;531;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/532.png;532;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/532.png;532;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/532.png;532;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/532.png;532;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/532.png;532;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/532.png;532;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/532.png;532;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/532.png;532;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/532.png;532;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/532.png;532;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/533.png;533;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/533.png;533;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/533.png;533;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/533.png;533;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/533.png;533;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/533.png;533;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/533.png;533;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/533.png;533;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/533.png;533;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/533.png;533;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/534.png;534;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/534.png;534;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/534.png;534;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/534.png;534;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/534.png;534;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/534.png;534;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/534.png;534;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/534.png;534;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/534.png;534;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/534.png;534;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/535.png;535;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/535.png;535;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/535.png;535;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/535.png;535;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/535.png;535;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/535.png;535;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/535.png;535;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/535.png;535;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/535.png;535;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/535.png;535;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/536.png;536;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/536.png;536;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/536.png;536;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/536.png;536;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/536.png;536;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/536.png;536;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/536.png;536;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/536.png;536;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/536.png;536;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/536.png;536;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/537.png;537;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/537.png;537;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/537.png;537;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/537.png;537;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/537.png;537;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/537.png;537;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/537.png;537;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/537.png;537;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/537.png;537;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/537.png;537;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/538.png;538;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/538.png;538;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/538.png;538;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/538.png;538;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/538.png;538;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/538.png;538;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/538.png;538;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/538.png;538;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/538.png;538;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/538.png;538;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/539.png;539;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/539.png;539;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/539.png;539;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/539.png;539;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/539.png;539;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/539.png;539;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/539.png;539;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/539.png;539;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/539.png;539;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/539.png;539;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/540.png;540;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/540.png;540;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/540.png;540;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/540.png;540;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/540.png;540;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/540.png;540;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/540.png;540;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/540.png;540;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/540.png;540;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/540.png;540;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/541.png;541;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/541.png;541;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/541.png;541;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/541.png;541;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/541.png;541;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/541.png;541;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/541.png;541;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/541.png;541;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/541.png;541;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/541.png;541;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/542.png;542;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/542.png;542;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/542.png;542;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/542.png;542;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/542.png;542;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/542.png;542;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/542.png;542;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/542.png;542;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/542.png;542;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/542.png;542;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/543.png;543;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/543.png;543;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/543.png;543;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/543.png;543;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/543.png;543;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/543.png;543;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/543.png;543;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/543.png;543;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/543.png;543;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/543.png;543;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/544.png;544;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/544.png;544;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/544.png;544;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/544.png;544;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/544.png;544;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/544.png;544;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/544.png;544;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/544.png;544;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/544.png;544;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/544.png;544;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/545.png;545;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/545.png;545;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/545.png;545;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/545.png;545;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/545.png;545;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/545.png;545;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/545.png;545;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/545.png;545;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/545.png;545;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/545.png;545;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/546.png;546;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/546.png;546;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/546.png;546;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/546.png;546;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/546.png;546;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/546.png;546;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/546.png;546;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/546.png;546;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/546.png;546;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/546.png;546;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/547.png;547;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/547.png;547;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/547.png;547;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/547.png;547;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/547.png;547;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/547.png;547;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/547.png;547;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/547.png;547;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/547.png;547;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/547.png;547;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/548.png;548;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/548.png;548;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/548.png;548;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/548.png;548;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/548.png;548;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/548.png;548;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/548.png;548;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/548.png;548;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/548.png;548;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/548.png;548;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/549.png;549;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/549.png;549;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/549.png;549;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/549.png;549;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/549.png;549;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/549.png;549;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/549.png;549;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/549.png;549;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/549.png;549;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/549.png;549;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/550.png;550;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/550.png;550;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/550.png;550;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/550.png;550;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/550.png;550;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/550.png;550;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/550.png;550;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/550.png;550;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/550.png;550;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/550.png;550;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/551.png;551;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/551.png;551;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/551.png;551;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/551.png;551;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/551.png;551;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/551.png;551;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/551.png;551;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/551.png;551;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/551.png;551;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/551.png;551;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/552.png;552;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/552.png;552;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/552.png;552;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/552.png;552;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/552.png;552;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/552.png;552;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/552.png;552;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/552.png;552;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/552.png;552;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/552.png;552;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/553.png;553;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/553.png;553;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/553.png;553;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/553.png;553;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/553.png;553;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/553.png;553;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/553.png;553;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/553.png;553;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/553.png;553;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/553.png;553;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/554.png;554;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/554.png;554;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/554.png;554;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/554.png;554;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/554.png;554;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/554.png;554;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/554.png;554;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/554.png;554;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/554.png;554;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/554.png;554;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/555.png;555;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/555.png;555;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/555.png;555;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/555.png;555;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/555.png;555;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/555.png;555;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/555.png;555;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/555.png;555;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/555.png;555;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/555.png;555;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/556.png;556;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/556.png;556;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/556.png;556;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/556.png;556;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/556.png;556;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/556.png;556;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/556.png;556;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/556.png;556;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/556.png;556;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/556.png;556;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/557.png;557;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/557.png;557;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/557.png;557;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/557.png;557;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/557.png;557;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/557.png;557;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/557.png;557;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/557.png;557;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/557.png;557;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/557.png;557;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/558.png;558;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/558.png;558;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/558.png;558;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/558.png;558;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/558.png;558;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/558.png;558;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/558.png;558;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/558.png;558;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/558.png;558;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/558.png;558;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/559.png;559;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/559.png;559;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/559.png;559;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/559.png;559;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/559.png;559;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/559.png;559;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/559.png;559;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/559.png;559;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/559.png;559;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/559.png;559;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/560.png;560;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/560.png;560;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/560.png;560;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/560.png;560;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/560.png;560;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/560.png;560;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/560.png;560;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/560.png;560;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/560.png;560;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/560.png;560;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/561.png;561;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/561.png;561;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/561.png;561;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/561.png;561;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/561.png;561;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/561.png;561;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/561.png;561;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/561.png;561;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/561.png;561;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/561.png;561;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/562.png;562;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/562.png;562;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/562.png;562;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/562.png;562;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/562.png;562;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/562.png;562;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/562.png;562;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/562.png;562;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/562.png;562;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/562.png;562;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/563.png;563;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/563.png;563;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/563.png;563;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/563.png;563;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/563.png;563;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/563.png;563;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/563.png;563;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/563.png;563;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/563.png;563;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/563.png;563;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/564.png;564;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/564.png;564;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/564.png;564;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/564.png;564;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/564.png;564;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/564.png;564;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/564.png;564;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/564.png;564;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/564.png;564;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/564.png;564;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/565.png;565;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/565.png;565;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/565.png;565;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/565.png;565;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/565.png;565;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/565.png;565;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/565.png;565;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/565.png;565;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/565.png;565;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/565.png;565;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/566.png;566;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/566.png;566;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/566.png;566;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/566.png;566;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/566.png;566;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/566.png;566;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/566.png;566;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/566.png;566;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/566.png;566;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/566.png;566;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/567.png;567;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/567.png;567;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/567.png;567;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/567.png;567;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/567.png;567;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/567.png;567;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/567.png;567;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/567.png;567;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/567.png;567;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/567.png;567;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/568.png;568;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/568.png;568;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/568.png;568;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/568.png;568;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/568.png;568;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/568.png;568;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/568.png;568;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/568.png;568;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/568.png;568;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/568.png;568;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/569.png;569;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/569.png;569;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/569.png;569;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/569.png;569;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/569.png;569;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/569.png;569;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/569.png;569;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/569.png;569;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/569.png;569;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/569.png;569;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/570.png;570;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/570.png;570;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/570.png;570;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/570.png;570;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/570.png;570;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/570.png;570;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/570.png;570;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/570.png;570;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/570.png;570;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/570.png;570;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/571.png;571;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/571.png;571;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/571.png;571;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/571.png;571;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/571.png;571;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/571.png;571;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/571.png;571;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/571.png;571;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/571.png;571;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/571.png;571;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/572.png;572;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/572.png;572;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/572.png;572;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/572.png;572;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/572.png;572;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/572.png;572;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/572.png;572;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/572.png;572;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/572.png;572;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/572.png;572;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/573.png;573;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/573.png;573;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/573.png;573;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/573.png;573;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/573.png;573;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/573.png;573;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/573.png;573;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/573.png;573;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/573.png;573;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/573.png;573;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/574.png;574;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/574.png;574;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/574.png;574;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/574.png;574;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/574.png;574;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/574.png;574;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/574.png;574;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/574.png;574;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/574.png;574;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/574.png;574;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/575.png;575;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/575.png;575;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/575.png;575;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/575.png;575;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/575.png;575;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/575.png;575;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/575.png;575;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/575.png;575;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/575.png;575;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/575.png;575;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/576.png;576;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/576.png;576;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/576.png;576;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/576.png;576;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/576.png;576;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/576.png;576;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/576.png;576;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/576.png;576;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/576.png;576;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/576.png;576;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/577.png;577;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/577.png;577;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/577.png;577;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/577.png;577;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/577.png;577;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/577.png;577;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/577.png;577;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/577.png;577;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/577.png;577;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/577.png;577;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/578.png;578;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/578.png;578;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/578.png;578;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/578.png;578;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/578.png;578;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/578.png;578;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/578.png;578;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/578.png;578;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/578.png;578;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/578.png;578;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/579.png;579;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/579.png;579;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/579.png;579;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/579.png;579;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/579.png;579;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/579.png;579;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/579.png;579;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/579.png;579;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/579.png;579;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/579.png;579;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/580.png;580;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/580.png;580;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/580.png;580;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/580.png;580;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/580.png;580;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/580.png;580;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/580.png;580;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/580.png;580;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/580.png;580;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/580.png;580;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/581.png;581;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/581.png;581;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/581.png;581;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/581.png;581;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/581.png;581;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/581.png;581;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/581.png;581;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/581.png;581;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/581.png;581;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/581.png;581;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/582.png;582;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/582.png;582;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/582.png;582;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/582.png;582;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/582.png;582;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/582.png;582;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/582.png;582;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/582.png;582;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/582.png;582;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/582.png;582;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/583.png;583;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/583.png;583;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/583.png;583;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/583.png;583;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/583.png;583;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/583.png;583;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/583.png;583;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/583.png;583;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/583.png;583;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/583.png;583;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/584.png;584;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/584.png;584;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/584.png;584;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/584.png;584;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/584.png;584;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/584.png;584;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/584.png;584;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/584.png;584;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/584.png;584;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/584.png;584;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/585.png;585;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/585.png;585;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/585.png;585;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/585.png;585;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/585.png;585;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/585.png;585;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/585.png;585;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/585.png;585;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/585.png;585;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/585.png;585;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/586.png;586;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/586.png;586;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/586.png;586;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/586.png;586;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/586.png;586;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/586.png;586;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/586.png;586;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/586.png;586;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/586.png;586;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/586.png;586;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/587.png;587;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/587.png;587;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/587.png;587;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/587.png;587;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/587.png;587;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/587.png;587;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/587.png;587;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/587.png;587;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/587.png;587;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/587.png;587;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/588.png;588;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/588.png;588;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/588.png;588;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/588.png;588;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/588.png;588;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/588.png;588;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/588.png;588;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/588.png;588;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/588.png;588;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/588.png;588;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/589.png;589;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/589.png;589;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/589.png;589;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/589.png;589;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/589.png;589;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/589.png;589;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/589.png;589;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/589.png;589;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/589.png;589;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/589.png;589;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/590.png;590;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/590.png;590;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/590.png;590;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/590.png;590;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/590.png;590;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/590.png;590;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/590.png;590;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/590.png;590;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/590.png;590;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/590.png;590;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/591.png;591;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/591.png;591;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/591.png;591;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/591.png;591;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/591.png;591;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/591.png;591;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/591.png;591;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/591.png;591;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/591.png;591;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/591.png;591;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/592.png;592;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/592.png;592;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/592.png;592;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/592.png;592;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/592.png;592;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/592.png;592;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/592.png;592;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/592.png;592;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/592.png;592;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/592.png;592;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/593.png;593;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/593.png;593;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/593.png;593;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/593.png;593;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/593.png;593;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/593.png;593;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/593.png;593;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/593.png;593;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/593.png;593;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/593.png;593;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/594.png;594;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/594.png;594;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/594.png;594;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/594.png;594;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/594.png;594;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/594.png;594;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/594.png;594;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/594.png;594;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/594.png;594;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/594.png;594;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/595.png;595;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/595.png;595;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/595.png;595;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/595.png;595;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/595.png;595;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/595.png;595;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/595.png;595;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/595.png;595;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/595.png;595;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/595.png;595;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/596.png;596;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/596.png;596;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/596.png;596;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/596.png;596;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/596.png;596;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/596.png;596;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/596.png;596;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/596.png;596;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/596.png;596;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/596.png;596;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/597.png;597;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/597.png;597;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/597.png;597;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/597.png;597;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/597.png;597;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/597.png;597;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/597.png;597;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/597.png;597;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/597.png;597;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/597.png;597;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/598.png;598;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/598.png;598;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/598.png;598;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/598.png;598;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/598.png;598;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/598.png;598;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/598.png;598;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/598.png;598;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/598.png;598;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/598.png;598;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/599.png;599;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/599.png;599;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/599.png;599;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/599.png;599;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/599.png;599;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/599.png;599;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/599.png;599;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/599.png;599;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/599.png;599;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/599.png;599;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/600.png;600;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/600.png;600;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/600.png;600;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/600.png;600;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/600.png;600;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/600.png;600;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/600.png;600;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/600.png;600;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/600.png;600;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/600.png;600;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/601.png;601;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/601.png;601;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/601.png;601;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/601.png;601;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/601.png;601;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/601.png;601;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/601.png;601;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/601.png;601;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/601.png;601;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/601.png;601;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/602.png;602;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/602.png;602;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/602.png;602;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/602.png;602;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/602.png;602;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/602.png;602;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/602.png;602;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/602.png;602;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/602.png;602;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/602.png;602;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/603.png;603;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/603.png;603;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/603.png;603;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/603.png;603;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/603.png;603;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/603.png;603;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/603.png;603;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/603.png;603;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/603.png;603;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/603.png;603;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/604.png;604;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/604.png;604;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/604.png;604;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/604.png;604;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/604.png;604;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/604.png;604;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/604.png;604;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/604.png;604;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/604.png;604;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/604.png;604;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/605.png;605;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/605.png;605;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/605.png;605;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/605.png;605;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/605.png;605;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/605.png;605;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/605.png;605;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/605.png;605;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/605.png;605;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/605.png;605;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/606.png;606;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/606.png;606;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/606.png;606;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/606.png;606;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/606.png;606;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/606.png;606;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/606.png;606;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/606.png;606;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/606.png;606;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/606.png;606;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/607.png;607;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/607.png;607;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/607.png;607;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/607.png;607;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/607.png;607;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/607.png;607;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/607.png;607;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/607.png;607;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/607.png;607;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/607.png;607;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/608.png;608;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/608.png;608;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/608.png;608;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/608.png;608;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/608.png;608;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/608.png;608;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/608.png;608;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/608.png;608;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/608.png;608;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/608.png;608;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/609.png;609;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/609.png;609;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/609.png;609;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/609.png;609;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/609.png;609;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/609.png;609;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/609.png;609;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/609.png;609;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/609.png;609;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/609.png;609;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/610.png;610;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/610.png;610;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/610.png;610;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/610.png;610;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/610.png;610;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/610.png;610;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/610.png;610;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/610.png;610;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/610.png;610;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/610.png;610;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/611.png;611;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/611.png;611;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/611.png;611;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/611.png;611;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/611.png;611;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/611.png;611;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/611.png;611;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/611.png;611;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/611.png;611;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/611.png;611;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/612.png;612;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/612.png;612;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/612.png;612;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/612.png;612;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/612.png;612;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/612.png;612;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/612.png;612;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/612.png;612;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/612.png;612;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/612.png;612;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/613.png;613;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/613.png;613;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/613.png;613;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/613.png;613;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/613.png;613;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/613.png;613;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/613.png;613;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/613.png;613;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/613.png;613;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/613.png;613;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/614.png;614;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/614.png;614;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/614.png;614;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/614.png;614;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/614.png;614;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/614.png;614;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/614.png;614;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/614.png;614;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/614.png;614;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/614.png;614;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/615.png;615;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/615.png;615;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/615.png;615;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/615.png;615;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/615.png;615;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/615.png;615;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/615.png;615;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/615.png;615;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/615.png;615;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/615.png;615;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/616.png;616;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/616.png;616;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/616.png;616;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/616.png;616;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/616.png;616;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/616.png;616;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/616.png;616;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/616.png;616;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/616.png;616;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/616.png;616;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/617.png;617;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/617.png;617;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/617.png;617;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/617.png;617;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/617.png;617;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/617.png;617;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/617.png;617;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/617.png;617;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/617.png;617;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/617.png;617;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/618.png;618;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/618.png;618;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/618.png;618;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/618.png;618;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/618.png;618;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/618.png;618;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/618.png;618;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/618.png;618;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/618.png;618;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/618.png;618;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/619.png;619;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/619.png;619;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/619.png;619;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/619.png;619;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/619.png;619;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/619.png;619;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/619.png;619;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/619.png;619;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/619.png;619;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/619.png;619;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/620.png;620;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/620.png;620;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/620.png;620;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/620.png;620;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/620.png;620;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/620.png;620;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/620.png;620;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/620.png;620;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/620.png;620;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/620.png;620;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/621.png;621;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/621.png;621;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/621.png;621;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/621.png;621;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/621.png;621;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/621.png;621;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/621.png;621;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/621.png;621;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/621.png;621;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/621.png;621;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/622.png;622;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/622.png;622;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/622.png;622;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/622.png;622;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/622.png;622;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/622.png;622;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/622.png;622;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/622.png;622;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/622.png;622;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/622.png;622;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/623.png;623;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/623.png;623;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/623.png;623;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/623.png;623;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/623.png;623;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/623.png;623;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/623.png;623;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/623.png;623;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/623.png;623;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/623.png;623;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/624.png;624;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/624.png;624;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/624.png;624;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/624.png;624;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/624.png;624;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/624.png;624;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/624.png;624;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/624.png;624;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/624.png;624;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/624.png;624;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/625.png;625;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/625.png;625;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/625.png;625;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/625.png;625;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/625.png;625;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/625.png;625;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/625.png;625;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/625.png;625;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/625.png;625;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/625.png;625;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/626.png;626;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/626.png;626;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/626.png;626;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/626.png;626;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/626.png;626;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/626.png;626;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/626.png;626;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/626.png;626;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/626.png;626;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/626.png;626;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/627.png;627;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/627.png;627;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/627.png;627;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/627.png;627;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/627.png;627;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/627.png;627;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/627.png;627;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/627.png;627;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/627.png;627;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/627.png;627;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/628.png;628;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/628.png;628;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/628.png;628;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/628.png;628;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/628.png;628;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/628.png;628;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/628.png;628;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/628.png;628;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/628.png;628;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/628.png;628;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/629.png;629;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/629.png;629;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/629.png;629;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/629.png;629;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/629.png;629;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/629.png;629;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/629.png;629;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/629.png;629;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/629.png;629;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/629.png;629;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/630.png;630;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/630.png;630;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/630.png;630;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/630.png;630;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/630.png;630;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/630.png;630;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/630.png;630;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/630.png;630;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/630.png;630;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/630.png;630;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/631.png;631;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/631.png;631;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/631.png;631;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/631.png;631;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/631.png;631;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/631.png;631;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/631.png;631;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/631.png;631;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/631.png;631;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/631.png;631;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/632.png;632;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/632.png;632;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/632.png;632;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/632.png;632;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/632.png;632;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/632.png;632;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/632.png;632;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/632.png;632;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/632.png;632;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/632.png;632;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/633.png;633;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/633.png;633;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/633.png;633;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/633.png;633;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/633.png;633;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/633.png;633;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/633.png;633;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/633.png;633;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/633.png;633;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/633.png;633;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/634.png;634;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/634.png;634;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/634.png;634;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/634.png;634;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/634.png;634;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/634.png;634;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/634.png;634;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/634.png;634;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/634.png;634;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/634.png;634;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/635.png;635;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/635.png;635;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/635.png;635;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/635.png;635;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/635.png;635;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/635.png;635;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/635.png;635;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/635.png;635;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/635.png;635;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/635.png;635;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/636.png;636;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/636.png;636;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/636.png;636;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/636.png;636;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/636.png;636;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/636.png;636;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/636.png;636;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/636.png;636;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/636.png;636;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/636.png;636;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/637.png;637;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/637.png;637;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/637.png;637;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/637.png;637;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/637.png;637;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/637.png;637;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/637.png;637;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/637.png;637;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/637.png;637;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/637.png;637;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/638.png;638;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/638.png;638;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/638.png;638;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/638.png;638;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/638.png;638;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/638.png;638;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/638.png;638;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/638.png;638;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/638.png;638;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/638.png;638;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/639.png;639;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/639.png;639;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/639.png;639;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/639.png;639;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/639.png;639;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/639.png;639;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/639.png;639;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/639.png;639;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/639.png;639;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/639.png;639;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/640.png;640;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/640.png;640;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/640.png;640;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/640.png;640;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/640.png;640;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/640.png;640;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/640.png;640;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/640.png;640;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/640.png;640;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/640.png;640;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/641.png;641;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/641.png;641;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/641.png;641;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/641.png;641;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/641.png;641;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/641.png;641;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/641.png;641;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/641.png;641;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/641.png;641;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/641.png;641;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/642.png;642;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/642.png;642;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/642.png;642;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/642.png;642;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/642.png;642;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/642.png;642;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/642.png;642;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/642.png;642;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/642.png;642;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/642.png;642;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/643.png;643;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/643.png;643;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/643.png;643;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/643.png;643;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/643.png;643;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/643.png;643;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/643.png;643;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/643.png;643;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/643.png;643;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/643.png;643;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/644.png;644;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/644.png;644;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/644.png;644;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/644.png;644;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/644.png;644;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/644.png;644;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/644.png;644;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/644.png;644;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/644.png;644;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/644.png;644;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/645.png;645;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/645.png;645;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/645.png;645;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/645.png;645;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/645.png;645;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/645.png;645;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/645.png;645;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/645.png;645;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/645.png;645;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/645.png;645;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/646.png;646;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/646.png;646;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/646.png;646;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/646.png;646;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/646.png;646;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/646.png;646;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/646.png;646;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/646.png;646;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/646.png;646;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/646.png;646;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/647.png;647;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/647.png;647;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/647.png;647;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/647.png;647;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/647.png;647;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/647.png;647;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/647.png;647;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/647.png;647;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/647.png;647;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/647.png;647;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/648.png;648;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/648.png;648;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/648.png;648;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/648.png;648;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/648.png;648;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/648.png;648;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/648.png;648;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/648.png;648;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/648.png;648;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/648.png;648;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/649.png;649;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/649.png;649;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/649.png;649;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/649.png;649;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/649.png;649;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/649.png;649;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/649.png;649;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/649.png;649;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/649.png;649;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/649.png;649;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/650.png;650;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/650.png;650;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/650.png;650;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/650.png;650;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/650.png;650;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/650.png;650;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/650.png;650;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/650.png;650;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/650.png;650;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/650.png;650;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/651.png;651;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/651.png;651;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/651.png;651;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/651.png;651;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/651.png;651;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/651.png;651;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/651.png;651;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/651.png;651;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/651.png;651;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/651.png;651;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/652.png;652;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/652.png;652;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/652.png;652;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/652.png;652;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/652.png;652;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/652.png;652;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/652.png;652;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/652.png;652;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/652.png;652;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/652.png;652;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/653.png;653;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/653.png;653;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/653.png;653;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/653.png;653;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/653.png;653;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/653.png;653;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/653.png;653;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/653.png;653;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/653.png;653;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/653.png;653;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/654.png;654;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/654.png;654;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/654.png;654;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/654.png;654;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/654.png;654;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/654.png;654;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/654.png;654;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/654.png;654;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/654.png;654;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/654.png;654;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/655.png;655;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/655.png;655;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/655.png;655;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/655.png;655;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/655.png;655;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/655.png;655;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/655.png;655;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/655.png;655;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/655.png;655;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/655.png;655;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/656.png;656;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/656.png;656;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/656.png;656;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/656.png;656;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/656.png;656;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/656.png;656;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/656.png;656;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/656.png;656;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/656.png;656;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/656.png;656;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/657.png;657;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/657.png;657;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/657.png;657;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/657.png;657;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/657.png;657;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/657.png;657;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/657.png;657;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/657.png;657;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/657.png;657;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/657.png;657;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/658.png;658;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/658.png;658;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/658.png;658;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/658.png;658;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/658.png;658;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/658.png;658;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/658.png;658;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/658.png;658;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/658.png;658;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/658.png;658;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/659.png;659;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/659.png;659;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/659.png;659;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/659.png;659;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/659.png;659;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/659.png;659;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/659.png;659;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/659.png;659;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/659.png;659;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/659.png;659;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/660.png;660;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/660.png;660;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/660.png;660;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/660.png;660;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/660.png;660;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/660.png;660;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/660.png;660;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/660.png;660;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/660.png;660;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/660.png;660;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/661.png;661;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/661.png;661;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/661.png;661;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/661.png;661;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/661.png;661;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/661.png;661;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/661.png;661;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/661.png;661;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/661.png;661;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/661.png;661;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/662.png;662;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/662.png;662;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/662.png;662;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/662.png;662;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/662.png;662;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/662.png;662;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/662.png;662;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/662.png;662;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/662.png;662;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/662.png;662;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/663.png;663;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/663.png;663;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/663.png;663;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/663.png;663;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/663.png;663;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/663.png;663;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/663.png;663;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/663.png;663;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/663.png;663;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/663.png;663;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/664.png;664;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/664.png;664;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/664.png;664;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/664.png;664;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/664.png;664;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/664.png;664;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/664.png;664;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/664.png;664;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/664.png;664;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/664.png;664;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/665.png;665;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/665.png;665;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/665.png;665;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/665.png;665;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/665.png;665;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/665.png;665;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/665.png;665;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/665.png;665;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/665.png;665;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/665.png;665;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/666.png;666;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/666.png;666;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/666.png;666;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/666.png;666;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/666.png;666;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/666.png;666;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/666.png;666;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/666.png;666;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/666.png;666;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/666.png;666;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/667.png;667;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/667.png;667;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/667.png;667;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/667.png;667;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/667.png;667;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/667.png;667;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/667.png;667;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/667.png;667;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/667.png;667;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/667.png;667;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/668.png;668;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/668.png;668;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/668.png;668;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/668.png;668;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/668.png;668;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/668.png;668;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/668.png;668;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/668.png;668;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/668.png;668;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/668.png;668;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/669.png;669;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/669.png;669;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/669.png;669;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/669.png;669;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/669.png;669;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/669.png;669;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/669.png;669;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/669.png;669;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/669.png;669;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/669.png;669;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/670.png;670;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/670.png;670;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/670.png;670;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/670.png;670;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/670.png;670;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/670.png;670;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/670.png;670;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/670.png;670;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/670.png;670;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/670.png;670;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/671.png;671;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/671.png;671;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/671.png;671;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/671.png;671;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/671.png;671;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/671.png;671;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/671.png;671;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/671.png;671;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/671.png;671;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/671.png;671;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/672.png;672;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/672.png;672;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/672.png;672;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/672.png;672;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/672.png;672;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/672.png;672;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/672.png;672;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/672.png;672;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/672.png;672;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/672.png;672;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/673.png;673;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/673.png;673;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/673.png;673;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/673.png;673;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/673.png;673;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/673.png;673;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/673.png;673;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/673.png;673;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/673.png;673;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/673.png;673;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/674.png;674;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/674.png;674;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/674.png;674;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/674.png;674;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/674.png;674;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/674.png;674;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/674.png;674;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/674.png;674;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/674.png;674;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/674.png;674;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/675.png;675;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/675.png;675;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/675.png;675;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/675.png;675;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/675.png;675;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/675.png;675;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/675.png;675;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/675.png;675;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/675.png;675;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/675.png;675;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/676.png;676;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/676.png;676;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/676.png;676;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/676.png;676;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/676.png;676;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/676.png;676;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/676.png;676;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/676.png;676;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/676.png;676;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/676.png;676;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/677.png;677;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/677.png;677;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/677.png;677;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/677.png;677;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/677.png;677;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/677.png;677;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/677.png;677;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/677.png;677;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/677.png;677;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/677.png;677;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/678.png;678;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/678.png;678;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/678.png;678;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/678.png;678;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/678.png;678;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/678.png;678;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/678.png;678;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/678.png;678;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/678.png;678;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/678.png;678;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/679.png;679;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/679.png;679;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/679.png;679;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/679.png;679;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/679.png;679;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/679.png;679;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/679.png;679;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/679.png;679;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/679.png;679;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/679.png;679;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/680.png;680;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/680.png;680;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/680.png;680;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/680.png;680;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/680.png;680;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/680.png;680;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/680.png;680;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/680.png;680;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/680.png;680;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/680.png;680;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/681.png;681;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/681.png;681;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/681.png;681;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/681.png;681;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/681.png;681;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/681.png;681;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/681.png;681;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/681.png;681;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/681.png;681;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/681.png;681;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/682.png;682;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/682.png;682;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/682.png;682;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/682.png;682;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/682.png;682;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/682.png;682;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/682.png;682;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/682.png;682;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/682.png;682;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/682.png;682;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/683.png;683;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/683.png;683;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/683.png;683;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/683.png;683;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/683.png;683;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/683.png;683;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/683.png;683;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/683.png;683;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/683.png;683;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/683.png;683;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/684.png;684;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/684.png;684;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/684.png;684;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/684.png;684;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/684.png;684;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/684.png;684;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/684.png;684;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/684.png;684;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/684.png;684;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/684.png;684;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/685.png;685;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/685.png;685;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/685.png;685;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/685.png;685;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/685.png;685;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/685.png;685;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/685.png;685;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/685.png;685;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/685.png;685;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/685.png;685;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/686.png;686;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/686.png;686;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/686.png;686;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/686.png;686;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/686.png;686;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/686.png;686;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/686.png;686;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/686.png;686;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/686.png;686;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/686.png;686;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/687.png;687;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/687.png;687;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/687.png;687;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/687.png;687;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/687.png;687;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/687.png;687;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/687.png;687;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/687.png;687;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/687.png;687;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/687.png;687;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/688.png;688;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/688.png;688;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/688.png;688;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/688.png;688;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/688.png;688;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/688.png;688;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/688.png;688;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/688.png;688;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/688.png;688;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/688.png;688;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/689.png;689;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/689.png;689;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/689.png;689;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/689.png;689;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/689.png;689;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/689.png;689;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/689.png;689;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/689.png;689;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/689.png;689;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/689.png;689;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/690.png;690;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/690.png;690;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/690.png;690;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/690.png;690;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/690.png;690;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/690.png;690;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/690.png;690;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/690.png;690;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/690.png;690;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/690.png;690;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/691.png;691;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/691.png;691;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/691.png;691;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/691.png;691;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/691.png;691;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/691.png;691;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/691.png;691;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/691.png;691;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/691.png;691;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/691.png;691;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/692.png;692;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/692.png;692;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/692.png;692;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/692.png;692;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/692.png;692;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/692.png;692;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/692.png;692;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/692.png;692;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/692.png;692;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/692.png;692;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/693.png;693;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/693.png;693;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/693.png;693;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/693.png;693;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/693.png;693;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/693.png;693;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/693.png;693;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/693.png;693;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/693.png;693;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/693.png;693;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/694.png;694;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/694.png;694;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/694.png;694;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/694.png;694;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/694.png;694;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/694.png;694;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/694.png;694;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/694.png;694;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/694.png;694;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/694.png;694;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/695.png;695;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/695.png;695;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/695.png;695;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/695.png;695;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/695.png;695;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/695.png;695;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/695.png;695;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/695.png;695;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/695.png;695;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/695.png;695;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/696.png;696;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/696.png;696;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/696.png;696;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/696.png;696;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/696.png;696;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/696.png;696;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/696.png;696;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/696.png;696;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/696.png;696;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/696.png;696;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/697.png;697;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/697.png;697;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/697.png;697;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/697.png;697;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/697.png;697;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/697.png;697;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/697.png;697;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/697.png;697;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/697.png;697;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/697.png;697;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/698.png;698;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/698.png;698;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/698.png;698;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/698.png;698;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/698.png;698;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/698.png;698;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/698.png;698;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/698.png;698;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/698.png;698;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/698.png;698;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/699.png;699;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/699.png;699;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/699.png;699;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/699.png;699;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/699.png;699;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/699.png;699;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/699.png;699;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/699.png;699;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/699.png;699;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/699.png;699;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/700.png;700;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/700.png;700;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/700.png;700;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/700.png;700;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/700.png;700;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/700.png;700;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/700.png;700;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/700.png;700;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/700.png;700;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/700.png;700;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/701.png;701;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/701.png;701;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/701.png;701;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/701.png;701;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/701.png;701;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/701.png;701;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/701.png;701;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/701.png;701;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/701.png;701;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/701.png;701;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/702.png;702;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/702.png;702;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/702.png;702;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/702.png;702;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/702.png;702;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/702.png;702;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/702.png;702;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/702.png;702;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/702.png;702;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/702.png;702;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/703.png;703;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/703.png;703;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/703.png;703;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/703.png;703;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/703.png;703;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/703.png;703;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/703.png;703;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/703.png;703;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/703.png;703;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/703.png;703;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/704.png;704;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/704.png;704;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/704.png;704;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/704.png;704;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/704.png;704;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/704.png;704;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/704.png;704;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/704.png;704;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/704.png;704;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/704.png;704;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/705.png;705;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/705.png;705;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/705.png;705;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/705.png;705;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/705.png;705;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/705.png;705;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/705.png;705;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/705.png;705;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/705.png;705;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/705.png;705;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/706.png;706;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/706.png;706;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/706.png;706;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/706.png;706;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/706.png;706;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/706.png;706;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/706.png;706;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/706.png;706;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/706.png;706;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/706.png;706;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/707.png;707;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/707.png;707;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/707.png;707;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/707.png;707;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/707.png;707;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/707.png;707;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/707.png;707;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/707.png;707;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/707.png;707;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/707.png;707;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/708.png;708;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/708.png;708;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/708.png;708;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/708.png;708;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/708.png;708;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/708.png;708;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/708.png;708;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/708.png;708;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/708.png;708;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/708.png;708;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/709.png;709;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/709.png;709;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/709.png;709;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/709.png;709;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/709.png;709;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/709.png;709;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/709.png;709;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/709.png;709;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/709.png;709;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/709.png;709;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/710.png;710;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/710.png;710;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/710.png;710;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/710.png;710;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/710.png;710;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/710.png;710;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/710.png;710;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/710.png;710;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/710.png;710;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/710.png;710;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/711.png;711;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/711.png;711;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/711.png;711;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/711.png;711;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/711.png;711;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/711.png;711;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/711.png;711;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/711.png;711;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/711.png;711;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/711.png;711;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/712.png;712;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/712.png;712;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/712.png;712;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/712.png;712;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/712.png;712;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/712.png;712;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/712.png;712;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/712.png;712;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/712.png;712;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/712.png;712;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/713.png;713;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/713.png;713;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/713.png;713;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/713.png;713;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/713.png;713;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/713.png;713;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/713.png;713;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/713.png;713;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/713.png;713;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/713.png;713;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/714.png;714;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/714.png;714;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/714.png;714;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/714.png;714;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/714.png;714;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/714.png;714;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/714.png;714;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/714.png;714;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/714.png;714;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/714.png;714;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/715.png;715;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/715.png;715;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/715.png;715;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/715.png;715;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/715.png;715;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/715.png;715;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/715.png;715;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/715.png;715;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/715.png;715;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/715.png;715;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/716.png;716;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/716.png;716;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/716.png;716;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/716.png;716;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/716.png;716;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/716.png;716;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/716.png;716;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/716.png;716;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/716.png;716;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/716.png;716;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/717.png;717;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/717.png;717;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/717.png;717;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/717.png;717;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/717.png;717;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/717.png;717;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/717.png;717;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/717.png;717;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/717.png;717;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/717.png;717;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/718.png;718;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/718.png;718;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/718.png;718;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/718.png;718;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/718.png;718;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/718.png;718;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/718.png;718;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/718.png;718;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/718.png;718;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/718.png;718;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/719.png;719;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/719.png;719;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/719.png;719;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/719.png;719;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/719.png;719;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/719.png;719;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/719.png;719;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/719.png;719;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/719.png;719;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/719.png;719;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/720.png;720;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/720.png;720;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/720.png;720;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/720.png;720;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/720.png;720;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/720.png;720;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/720.png;720;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/720.png;720;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/720.png;720;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/720.png;720;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/721.png;721;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/721.png;721;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/721.png;721;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/omegaruby-alphasapphire/shiny/721.png;721;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/721.png;721;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vi/x-y/shiny/721.png;721;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/721.png;721;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/721.png;721;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/721.png;721;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/721.png;721;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/722.png;722;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/722.png;722;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/722.png;722;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/722.png;722;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/722.png;722;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/722.png;722;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/723.png;723;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/723.png;723;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/723.png;723;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/723.png;723;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/723.png;723;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/723.png;723;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/724.png;724;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/724.png;724;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/724.png;724;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/724.png;724;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/724.png;724;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/724.png;724;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/725.png;725;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/725.png;725;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/725.png;725;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/725.png;725;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/725.png;725;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/725.png;725;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/726.png;726;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/726.png;726;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/726.png;726;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/726.png;726;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/726.png;726;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/726.png;726;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/727.png;727;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/727.png;727;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/727.png;727;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/727.png;727;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/727.png;727;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/727.png;727;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/728.png;728;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/728.png;728;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/728.png;728;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/728.png;728;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/728.png;728;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/728.png;728;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/729.png;729;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/729.png;729;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/729.png;729;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/729.png;729;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/729.png;729;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/729.png;729;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/730.png;730;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/730.png;730;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/730.png;730;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/730.png;730;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/730.png;730;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/730.png;730;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/731.png;731;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/731.png;731;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/731.png;731;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/731.png;731;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/731.png;731;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/731.png;731;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/732.png;732;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/732.png;732;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/732.png;732;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/732.png;732;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/732.png;732;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/732.png;732;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/733.png;733;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/733.png;733;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/733.png;733;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/733.png;733;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/733.png;733;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/733.png;733;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/734.png;734;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/734.png;734;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/734.png;734;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/734.png;734;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/734.png;734;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/734.png;734;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/735.png;735;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/735.png;735;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/735.png;735;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/735.png;735;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/735.png;735;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/735.png;735;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/736.png;736;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/736.png;736;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/736.png;736;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/736.png;736;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/736.png;736;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/736.png;736;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/737.png;737;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/737.png;737;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/737.png;737;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/737.png;737;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/737.png;737;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/737.png;737;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/738.png;738;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/738.png;738;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/738.png;738;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/738.png;738;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/738.png;738;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/738.png;738;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/739.png;739;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/739.png;739;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/739.png;739;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/739.png;739;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/739.png;739;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/739.png;739;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/740.png;740;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/740.png;740;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/740.png;740;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/740.png;740;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/740.png;740;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/740.png;740;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/741.png;741;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/741.png;741;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/741.png;741;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/741.png;741;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/741.png;741;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/741.png;741;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/742.png;742;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/742.png;742;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/742.png;742;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/742.png;742;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/742.png;742;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/742.png;742;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/743.png;743;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/743.png;743;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/743.png;743;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/743.png;743;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/743.png;743;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/743.png;743;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/744.png;744;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/744.png;744;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/744.png;744;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/744.png;744;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/744.png;744;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/744.png;744;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/745.png;745;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/745.png;745;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/745.png;745;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/745.png;745;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/745.png;745;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/745.png;745;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/746.png;746;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/746.png;746;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/746.png;746;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/746.png;746;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/746.png;746;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/746.png;746;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/747.png;747;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/747.png;747;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/747.png;747;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/747.png;747;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/747.png;747;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/747.png;747;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/748.png;748;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/748.png;748;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/748.png;748;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/748.png;748;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/748.png;748;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/748.png;748;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/749.png;749;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/749.png;749;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/749.png;749;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/749.png;749;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/749.png;749;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/749.png;749;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/750.png;750;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/750.png;750;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/750.png;750;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/750.png;750;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/750.png;750;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/750.png;750;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/751.png;751;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/751.png;751;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/751.png;751;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/751.png;751;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/751.png;751;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/751.png;751;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/752.png;752;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/752.png;752;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/752.png;752;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/752.png;752;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/752.png;752;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/752.png;752;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/753.png;753;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/753.png;753;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/753.png;753;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/753.png;753;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/753.png;753;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/753.png;753;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/754.png;754;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/754.png;754;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/754.png;754;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/754.png;754;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/754.png;754;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/754.png;754;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/755.png;755;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/755.png;755;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/755.png;755;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/755.png;755;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/755.png;755;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/755.png;755;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/756.png;756;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/756.png;756;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/756.png;756;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/756.png;756;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/756.png;756;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/756.png;756;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/757.png;757;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/757.png;757;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/757.png;757;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/757.png;757;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/757.png;757;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/757.png;757;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/758.png;758;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/758.png;758;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/758.png;758;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/758.png;758;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/758.png;758;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/758.png;758;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/759.png;759;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/759.png;759;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/759.png;759;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/759.png;759;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/759.png;759;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/759.png;759;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/760.png;760;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/760.png;760;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/760.png;760;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/760.png;760;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/760.png;760;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/760.png;760;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/761.png;761;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/761.png;761;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/761.png;761;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/761.png;761;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/761.png;761;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/761.png;761;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/762.png;762;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/762.png;762;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/762.png;762;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/762.png;762;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/762.png;762;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/762.png;762;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/763.png;763;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/763.png;763;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/763.png;763;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/763.png;763;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/763.png;763;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/763.png;763;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/764.png;764;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/764.png;764;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/764.png;764;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/764.png;764;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/764.png;764;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/764.png;764;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/765.png;765;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/765.png;765;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/765.png;765;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/765.png;765;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/765.png;765;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/765.png;765;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/766.png;766;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/766.png;766;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/766.png;766;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/766.png;766;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/766.png;766;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/766.png;766;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/767.png;767;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/767.png;767;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/767.png;767;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/767.png;767;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/767.png;767;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/767.png;767;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/768.png;768;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/768.png;768;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/768.png;768;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/768.png;768;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/768.png;768;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/768.png;768;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/769.png;769;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/769.png;769;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/769.png;769;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/769.png;769;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/769.png;769;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/769.png;769;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/770.png;770;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/770.png;770;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/770.png;770;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/770.png;770;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/770.png;770;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/770.png;770;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/771.png;771;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/771.png;771;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/771.png;771;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/771.png;771;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/771.png;771;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/771.png;771;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/772.png;772;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/772.png;772;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/772.png;772;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/772.png;772;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/772.png;772;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/772.png;772;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/773.png;773;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/773.png;773;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/773.png;773;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/773.png;773;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/773.png;773;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/773.png;773;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/774.png;774;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/774.png;774;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/774.png;774;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/774.png;774;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/774.png;774;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/774.png;774;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/775.png;775;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/775.png;775;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/775.png;775;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/775.png;775;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/775.png;775;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/775.png;775;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/776.png;776;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/776.png;776;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/776.png;776;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/776.png;776;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/776.png;776;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/776.png;776;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/777.png;777;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/777.png;777;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/777.png;777;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/777.png;777;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/777.png;777;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/777.png;777;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/778.png;778;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/778.png;778;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/778.png;778;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/778.png;778;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/778.png;778;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/778.png;778;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/779.png;779;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/779.png;779;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/779.png;779;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/779.png;779;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/779.png;779;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/779.png;779;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/780.png;780;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/780.png;780;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/780.png;780;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/780.png;780;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/780.png;780;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/780.png;780;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/781.png;781;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/781.png;781;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/781.png;781;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/781.png;781;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/781.png;781;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/781.png;781;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/782.png;782;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/782.png;782;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/782.png;782;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/782.png;782;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/782.png;782;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/782.png;782;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/783.png;783;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/783.png;783;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/783.png;783;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/783.png;783;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/783.png;783;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/783.png;783;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/784.png;784;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/784.png;784;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/784.png;784;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/784.png;784;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/784.png;784;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/784.png;784;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/785.png;785;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/785.png;785;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/785.png;785;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/785.png;785;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/785.png;785;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/785.png;785;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/786.png;786;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/786.png;786;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/786.png;786;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/786.png;786;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/786.png;786;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/786.png;786;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/787.png;787;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/787.png;787;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/787.png;787;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/787.png;787;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/787.png;787;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/787.png;787;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/788.png;788;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/788.png;788;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/788.png;788;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/788.png;788;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/788.png;788;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/788.png;788;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/789.png;789;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/789.png;789;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/789.png;789;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/789.png;789;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/789.png;789;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/789.png;789;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/790.png;790;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/790.png;790;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/790.png;790;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/790.png;790;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/790.png;790;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/790.png;790;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/791.png;791;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/791.png;791;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/791.png;791;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/791.png;791;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/791.png;791;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/791.png;791;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/792.png;792;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/792.png;792;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/792.png;792;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/792.png;792;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/792.png;792;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/792.png;792;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/793.png;793;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/793.png;793;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/793.png;793;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/793.png;793;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/793.png;793;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/793.png;793;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/794.png;794;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/794.png;794;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/794.png;794;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/794.png;794;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/794.png;794;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/794.png;794;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/795.png;795;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/795.png;795;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/795.png;795;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/795.png;795;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/795.png;795;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/795.png;795;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/796.png;796;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/796.png;796;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/796.png;796;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/796.png;796;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/796.png;796;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/796.png;796;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/797.png;797;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/797.png;797;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/797.png;797;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/797.png;797;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/797.png;797;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/797.png;797;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/798.png;798;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/798.png;798;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/798.png;798;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/798.png;798;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/798.png;798;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/798.png;798;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/799.png;799;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/799.png;799;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/799.png;799;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/799.png;799;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/799.png;799;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/799.png;799;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/800.png;800;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/800.png;800;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/800.png;800;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/800.png;800;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/800.png;800;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/800.png;800;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/801.png;801;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/801.png;801;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/801.png;801;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/801.png;801;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/801.png;801;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/801.png;801;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/802.png;802;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/802.png;802;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/802.png;802;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/802.png;802;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/802.png;802;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/802.png;802;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/803.png;803;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/803.png;803;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/803.png;803;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/803.png;803;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/803.png;803;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/803.png;803;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/804.png;804;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/804.png;804;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/804.png;804;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/804.png;804;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/804.png;804;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/804.png;804;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/805.png;805;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/805.png;805;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/805.png;805;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/805.png;805;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/805.png;805;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/805.png;805;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/806.png;806;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/806.png;806;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/806.png;806;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/806.png;806;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/806.png;806;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/806.png;806;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/807.png;807;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/807.png;807;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/icons/807.png;807;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/807.png;807;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-vii/ultra-sun-ultra-moon/shiny/807.png;807;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/807.png;807;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/808.png;808;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/808.png;808;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/808.png;808;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/809.png;809;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/809.png;809;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/809.png;809;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/810.png;810;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/810.png;810;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/810.png;810;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/811.png;811;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/811.png;811;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/811.png;811;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/812.png;812;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/812.png;812;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/812.png;812;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/813.png;813;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/813.png;813;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/813.png;813;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/814.png;814;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/814.png;814;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/814.png;814;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/815.png;815;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/815.png;815;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/815.png;815;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/816.png;816;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/816.png;816;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/816.png;816;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/817.png;817;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/817.png;817;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/817.png;817;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/818.png;818;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/818.png;818;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/818.png;818;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/819.png;819;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/819.png;819;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/819.png;819;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/820.png;820;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/820.png;820;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/820.png;820;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/821.png;821;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/821.png;821;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/821.png;821;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/822.png;822;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/822.png;822;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/822.png;822;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/823.png;823;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/823.png;823;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/823.png;823;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/824.png;824;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/824.png;824;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/824.png;824;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/825.png;825;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/825.png;825;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/825.png;825;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/826.png;826;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/826.png;826;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/826.png;826;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/827.png;827;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/827.png;827;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/827.png;827;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/828.png;828;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/828.png;828;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/828.png;828;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/829.png;829;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/829.png;829;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/829.png;829;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/830.png;830;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/830.png;830;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/830.png;830;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/831.png;831;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/831.png;831;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/831.png;831;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/832.png;832;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/832.png;832;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/832.png;832;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/833.png;833;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/833.png;833;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/833.png;833;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/834.png;834;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/834.png;834;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/834.png;834;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/835.png;835;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/835.png;835;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/835.png;835;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/836.png;836;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/836.png;836;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/836.png;836;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/837.png;837;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/837.png;837;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/837.png;837;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/838.png;838;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/838.png;838;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/838.png;838;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/839.png;839;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/839.png;839;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/839.png;839;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/840.png;840;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/840.png;840;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/840.png;840;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/841.png;841;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/841.png;841;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/841.png;841;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/842.png;842;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/842.png;842;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/842.png;842;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/843.png;843;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/843.png;843;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/843.png;843;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/844.png;844;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/844.png;844;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/844.png;844;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/845.png;845;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/845.png;845;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/845.png;845;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/846.png;846;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/846.png;846;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/846.png;846;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/847.png;847;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/847.png;847;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/847.png;847;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/848.png;848;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/848.png;848;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/848.png;848;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/849.png;849;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/849.png;849;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/849.png;849;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/850.png;850;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/850.png;850;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/850.png;850;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/851.png;851;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/851.png;851;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/851.png;851;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/852.png;852;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/852.png;852;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/852.png;852;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/853.png;853;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/853.png;853;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/853.png;853;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/854.png;854;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/854.png;854;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/854.png;854;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/855.png;855;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/855.png;855;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/855.png;855;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/856.png;856;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/856.png;856;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/856.png;856;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/857.png;857;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/857.png;857;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/857.png;857;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/858.png;858;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/858.png;858;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/858.png;858;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/859.png;859;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/859.png;859;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/859.png;859;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/860.png;860;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/860.png;860;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/860.png;860;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/861.png;861;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/861.png;861;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/861.png;861;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/862.png;862;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/862.png;862;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/862.png;862;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/863.png;863;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/863.png;863;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/863.png;863;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/864.png;864;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/864.png;864;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/864.png;864;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/865.png;865;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/865.png;865;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/865.png;865;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/866.png;866;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/866.png;866;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/866.png;866;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/867.png;867;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/867.png;867;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/867.png;867;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/868.png;868;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/868.png;868;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/868.png;868;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/869.png;869;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/869.png;869;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/869.png;869;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/870.png;870;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/870.png;870;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/870.png;870;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/871.png;871;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/871.png;871;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/871.png;871;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/872.png;872;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/872.png;872;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/872.png;872;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/873.png;873;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/873.png;873;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/873.png;873;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/874.png;874;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/874.png;874;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/874.png;874;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/875.png;875;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/875.png;875;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/875.png;875;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/876.png;876;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/876.png;876;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/876.png;876;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/877.png;877;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/877.png;877;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/877.png;877;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/878.png;878;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/878.png;878;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/878.png;878;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/879.png;879;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/879.png;879;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/879.png;879;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/880.png;880;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/880.png;880;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/880.png;880;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/881.png;881;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/881.png;881;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/881.png;881;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/882.png;882;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/882.png;882;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/882.png;882;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/883.png;883;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/883.png;883;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/883.png;883;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/884.png;884;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/884.png;884;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/884.png;884;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/885.png;885;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/885.png;885;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/885.png;885;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/886.png;886;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/886.png;886;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/886.png;886;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/887.png;887;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/887.png;887;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/887.png;887;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/888.png;888;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/888.png;888;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/888.png;888;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/889.png;889;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/889.png;889;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/889.png;889;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/890.png;890;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/890.png;890;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/890.png;890;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/891.png;891;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/891.png;891;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/891.png;891;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/892.png;892;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/892.png;892;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/892.png;892;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/893.png;893;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/893.png;893;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/893.png;893;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/894.png;894;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/894.png;894;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/894.png;894;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/895.png;895;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/895.png;895;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/895.png;895;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/896.png;896;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/896.png;896;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/896.png;896;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/897.png;897;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/897.png;897;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/897.png;897;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/898.png;898;Normal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-v/black-white/shiny/898.png;898;Shiny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/versions/generation-viii/icons/898.png;898;Normal
